[Music]
People are saying in the chat Elena
that I like Javi but the
Javi's punctuality is regulín's
Punctuality is not your strong suit. Good night.
people kiss distracting eh Also you
I say it was your fault, you're telling me
distracting you are there putting fires
Javi, how much you missed me, how much you've been carrying
long time no one came here Javi for
Please, thank goodness you're back. Good.
Come on, does anyone believe it? Does anyone believe it?
saying that I missed you, go on
I don't rest less What's up sweetheart?
How are you? Very well my soul. And what about you?
people what's up good night how
You are here today, we have a busy night today
we have several pretty little things
interesting Elena, well we are
training to debate and has already had
This has been your first
debate, let's see, you mean that, it's not true
you had with Tania with Tania with the
Tania Yes, with Tania, what pride, what
pride eh It's okay it's not bad
Let's see why it has been so good
He quickly hung up on you, very quickly. But
Well, the man has soon grown tired. Ah
I said, "Well, now I'll tell you later."
places where I can grab some clips for
comment And such But you have almost been 4
minutes you have not been 4 minutes you have
hung up has hit you four times has he hit you
hung up yes he called me literate and he
has been waving her tailcoat to the Good
And nothing surprises me, I tell you too.
Okay, let's see a few things here.
We have many topics to discuss today.
salsa entities today we go without hurry but
Without pause I also tell you that good
Today we have a pretty intense night
for those who want to live it, for those who don't
Well, he doesn't miss anything, but today, Eh
Well tonight we are in the
Wednesday night to Thursday at 5:00 p.m.
the morning We're supposed to have I don't know
if it will arrive at 5 in the morning or at
The best arrives at 6 or 7
Okay, but here we are going to be, here we go.
to be spending the night the sentence of
Daniel Sancho What are we going to do?
Look, now I have a lot of things here.
gossip, a lot of gossip with my Helena
to comment okay you can
participate sending super chat sending
members sending whatever you want
ok or giving your opinion in the chat perfectly
and we have a lot of gossip we are going to be
dealing with topics about yuji on the
geeky no, I have to get a little
the day you told me that too
I've been in Boca a little bit, to everything
the world then we have the thing about sofi suecu
We have Aid Nisar returning to TV
Okay, yes, at 4:30 we start the live show.
with trium Vale and in between when
Let's finish here, I understand that no
We'll finish at 4:30, I don't know Elena.
When he grabs me, he doesn't let go.
The same here if it's 4:30
then I'm going to tell you one thing when
we start chatting
late he arrived late the same was here
until 4:30 and from here I go with him
trium for the main channel but yes
It's 2:30 which I think it will be
quite 2:3 is 6 hours eh Also you
I say eh You can also spend a few hours
a few hours, then during that time I will go to the
sauce shop in between and I'll start to see
also some gossip and other things that there are
around there and all that stuff like that
We have a busy night, okay, I'm going here.
a beautiful marathon So I need your help
strength I need your support I need
that there is no shortage of comments that do not
The likes are missing, okay? And look over there.
Pilar has given us mine What's up my
Pili Hey beautiful Córdoba eh beautiful
Córdoba, can you believe that I don't
had visited as now with the near
that we have, do you want to believe that I don't
I visited it once but 1000 years ago
I think there wasn't even the
mosque but years and I thinking no
I was calculating to see when you went
My daughter went recently My daughter went recently
little with school and I have spent a thousand
times but I haven't stopped And then in
This time we have squared all over the
center vale And next to the mosque
Let's go, we haven't met and we've been to
see we have not put it is tourism either
because we were both relaxing, okay?
There, calm down, the typical thing we usually do
after a while the pool for a while the
massages and that no but well around
I really liked the one in the Cathedral
because
eh sorry for the fall eh forgive me for the c
breastfed but it's that it's that I hadn't had it
seen before is like another version of
Seville, I told Lorena, it's from the
same brand is made by the same
people s the two of the licea They are
cities with a lot of tradition, many
monuments some very historical centers
pretty it's okay it looks like it has it has
the same good one, let's see, you go to the, I don't know
If you have seen the wall where we
we have taken photos okay that is the
just like the Macarena wall
Maybe it's worth it. And then the cathedral, man, yes.
that it is true that Seville is the
Seville Cathedral but it has what it is
on the outside, of course, no, but on the outside, where?
The Tower is worth it, it has the style
when you walk down the street and you see the sea
bell tower a kiss Toni is very similar
To the Giralda then there is the Guad Alquivir
Ok Yes it is true that the bridge
follows is different because the bridge
Romano okay Yes it is different But
The damn thing about Guadar is that it has its May fair.
They are very pretty, they are very
pretty very pretty I liked it a lot but
Come on, I liked it so much that I have to
go again eh to see her more
We will return there carefully if we were to go
friends we would go together but of course how could we not
we arrived at If we were friends yes but
Look, next week I was leaving
to the Basque Country and I just Cancelled it No
tell me Verne Yes I'll finish it Cancel no
I've told alne yet
will find out will be finding out now if
He sees us but yes yes on Sunday he was going to
for the Basque country because the girl
He is asking us to go somewhere
better place because she went when
We went on vacation in July and of course
These things have come to me and
They have come out badly.
Of course, fewer have come out, let's go, they haven't
I've also gone out a little, but I tell you, but
Well the girl wanted something from the beach
So I didn't want the beach but you
You know that I don't know the beach.
If I like it, I wouldn't leave my house.
Lena, yes, I am better in my
house than in any hotel The truth
You know
my gas pool to go to a hotel that is
It's not my house or the beach that's worse. It's that
I'm not interested in what you tell them
Do you want to go to the beach? J, we'll catch the
afternoon at the beach if it isn't there Ah
It's that really It's true we the
We have an hour, we don't have a beach
more time you know goes and goes to the beach and throws
the afternoon or whatever and in the end, well,
we said come on let's go he says let's go to
Basque Country that we have pending Now
Well, okay, I'm there with the alne, I don't know.
what and whether you like it or not, it's just another little trip
but of tourism but then today when
I have arrived, the girl was telling me
that he didn't have much desire, the mother said
that and it could be Cancelled and I say I believe
I feel like it Not for nothing but because it is
the balls that don't
stopped until the balls then we will go
A couple of nights I think Lorena caught her
but I don't know if we're going to Almería and if we will go
a couple of nights next week no
I know what days a kiss orus to the beach to the
beach Although I don't like it very much
But well, shorter than the whole thing too.
The Basque Country has been doing almost all of this
week almost the entire week between one
thing and other money and I don't feel like it Damn
I want to be at home.
the balls are up and down, damn it
that I have to make the journey
next week no more, you're not going to do anything
late afternoon, late evening, it's worth it to have You
Don't worry, we're going to have a few
croquettes in the sea how do you see it? Well
Look, you know what's going on? Well, let's see. No, no, no.
It will be so hasty But when already
when it stops, okay, when it stops, I'm going to go
to give it the final twist
physical change okay I've already been almost cu
months of training hard in the gym
Although this August has been a bit
intermittent but as soon as I finish it
that it be next week I'm going to the
nutritionist a very nutritionist
good one that has already been recommended to me for the
topic of the topic of diet and
say that we are not going to meet for lunch
croquette we could stay but at
I'd rather have a vegetable sandwich. Let's see.
Let's go eat these people, you don't
you eat because you're an idiot, me because
I'm celiac but let's go Ah go let's eat it
form [ __ ] a kiss Nancy let me see
I understand that no, but let's see the diets
Good diets are not those that you
They put superest sad and go hungry Otherwise
that from time to time a little girl breaks it
This week they told me that it works very well
well intermittent fasting baby or that's it
Dale said, one fell on him, that fell on him
one because they have told me they have told me
that works super well I have it
heard a lot but you know I don't
I have no [ __ ] idea about nutrition, I'm not going to
say if it's right if it's wrong or whatever
be it but apparently let's see I think that
There are some cultures that may be or may not be
I'm [ __ ] maybe there are some
cultures that have the custom of
do it
like a cleaning of the system
healing No, yeah, maybe I'll get it
I'm making a bit of it up but it sounds familiar to me
having read something like this when I was
Informing myself but if you eat when you have
that you eat in a certain way
correct, that is, it is a balanced diet
It's the best you can
do Yes but look I felt very good
I was on a diet last year you know and
I also felt super good, I felt
super powerful I felt super active
you know and with the chom it comes very well to me
Well now I'm going through a period
So-so now I'm feeling bad. Yes, I'm carrying it.
I've been feeling bad for a few weeks now
I really have a lot of passion here.
It's bothering me to train now because
example in this these days that
I suppose it was to disconnect and to
rest I have not come tired because I do not
I have rested well because I have
woken up at night with the burning
Of course, if you are uncomfortable, normal, of course, me
has been a real pain in the ass and I'm also
worried about here when swallowing I feel
also bother you know and and I have to go
I have to go this month to have it
Look why he's giving me a hard time
you know and I think that's also the diet
I miss you F that I am normally
very well to me whenever I ask myself
to CR and I'm not very well I'm fine
damn but now LL is an era
malilla I think also with so much
movement can also be that you know
that the last month what has been stopped is
that you haven't stopped all summer
last month apart from the other time when
I went to Thailand and the same thing happened to me too.
eh the other time when I went to also
I put bad bad it can't be that
The best Hey Baby I don't know anything
Yes, let's see in the end whether you like it or not it is a
when I go to the fourth one that I
I don't get used to it. Ah, it's gref, have you seen it?
that you have seen that now there is gref
Ok, we have to announce it but I'm going to put it
Click that I can't forget that
Tomorrow we have to be supporting me
Tomorrow I'll be there, a kiss, my husband, what's up?
Let's see, wait for him to read it. Wait for him to read it.
My Marilú reads it, I'm here
still setting up a bit screen
worth more and more proud of every day
The bad thing about belonging to this channel is that
I have to get up early to work and for
It's your fault I don't sleep much. Well, look.
Marilu that is solved because the
direct what you have is that they can be
watch whenever you want and on demand Okay
and apart from our Lili
and apart from our Lili uploads the
excerpts on the Lollipop Channel
Okay, look, I just found a
You, I don't know if the lasne that is here
we just mentioned okay but I just
to meet a Twi who has me
delighted Elena, look at you, there are people
who create their own storms and then
they cry when it rains
eye eh eye what a piece of what a piece of
twit this eh How nice a kiss Marilu
Thank you so much, my love. Thank you so much.
thanks I have to promote this
Although little, little promotion is needed
a guy like gref we are talking about one
of the most famous guys, look, I
I've been killing myself with him, but now
We are like in Z of peace because we are
United for the cause is worth it to me
pleasantly surprised this kid eh
is contributing with Fran incredibly
Well this is the one who organizes them.
super good
and this is what we have to do, this is what we have to do
move it tomorrow and we have to be there
the
gentlemen together tomorrow at 7 o'clock
Spanish afternoon tomorrow at 7 o'clock
late is not worth it H made promotion that I
the promotion at least we are going
talking about a guy who has 20 million
20 million subscribers on YouTube
20 million subscribers Elena us
We fight here for 200 people in the V chat
You see, you see, 8 and a half million.
of followers in
okay so we're talking about this
boy is a titan he is a titan of course me
I'm so glad that's why I'm so glad that
have had the humility and kindness of
help Fran selflessly that Hey
I was pleasantly surprised
Honestly, what do you want me to say? Yes.
Yes, yes, yes, and tomorrow at 7 it's okay this way.
I'm going to give you a click, did you see Javi?
Oliveira has left me several challenges
facts several people have given me
one that is very good Also this one
Let's call the Oliveira challenge the challenge
Olivas is the egg spider and he has it for me
Javi asked and Javi has behaved very well
with me you have to do it is a
tarantula in the eggs I'm not going to do that
He did that because he has more
eggs that you are not going to stick to yours
eggs because they are warmer, it goes away
to hit you, he's not going to touch your dick, he's going to
go straight to the eggs because they are
warm and stays there and gets like this
and then you put your finger in like this
where your mouth goes up and you take it out
has the
video has the good video had in the
first hour 150,000 visits, take a look
what we are talking about is what you
I say many times we fight here here
between channels and that's how Mira has the
video 2 million views
Elena uploaded 2 million 23 hours ago
Elena visits 2 million visits
people 2 million visits millions 23
I'm here for hours freaking out with my Hey what
My debut yesterday is no small feat, eh? Let's see.
Forgive him in culture this kid
dedicated to video games is not Its content
video game and sometimes blogs
Ok Ok but look how happy you are
I'm
with my premiere yesterday
Yuji's [ __ ] the video I made of Yuji
[ __ ] that's for me what [ __ ] that's for me
This is a lot
21,000 visits in a
21,000 visits in one day is a
It's a [ __ ] outrage for M it's an outrage
and you have 8000 people eh 8000
people are amazing, an outrage
How many will there be today in what are you going to do?
do in the main thing of the trium
From the main trium at 4:30 is
already programmed to go giving it to you as you go giving it
to the reminder Well, I don't know the truth
Because at that time we will see
It is time to see, it is true, no
surely if you are there for two or three hours
people will begin to rise up and throw
a glance surely clear to see is a
special day is a special night already already
We'll see what happens next
I really don't know the truth, I don't have one
estimate the same man I think that
The best is there are two or 3000 people. No, it's not.
I know the truth, I don't know, I can't do it to you.
an estimate because that schedule is no longer
It's not a schedule that I manage, man.
Yesterday I did expect the video to be
Well, I didn't expect so much, I didn't expect so much
8000 people at a premiere
At the premiere there were 8,000, 8,000 people.
if the video if the video reaches last A
the best hour and a half I thought
that would be longer okay But if the
video lasts up to an hour and a half
We reached 10,000 people at the premiere
Yes, because it kept going up, it kept going up.
from going up it never came down it never came down and
Well, let's see what he said.
Yui who has spoken on her account
from tiktok okay it's 17 seconds okay Lili
Here you have to put everything from before
so that you that so that the video you
last 8 minutes you have to put everything into it
the same as before, but hey, you learn
what is clickbait but it is
I really haven't seen it, okay, I have seen it.
sent places for me to put it and and
In the end I haven't put it to watch yet
what did yuji say in the
last hours on his tiktok family
remind you all to give A Like to the
directly that you subscribe is worth it
You support us so that we can stay here one night
long okay And if you are not with me I will
I took a nap here and waited for Trium
social voucher
Network wait for it, damn it wasn't there
reading I expected that I was
[Music]
because because I don't understand much that it goes up
This is not, I mean they are not criticizing her
her because in aspects of her life that
people don't know or I understand
that they are criticizing her in the aspects
that are known
that he has just walked around all the
programs of the heart of Thailand no and
that and that has done to him all his life no
who is a person
known of course, that is, it is not known, it is not
an anonymous person who says they have rescued him
now from anonymity to criticize it no
I know this message is coming, I don't understand it
very good must also be something
cultural but I don't understand very well
This woman when she has spoken in any
of the times that it has been expressed no longer
It is a matter of translations but not
I understand that What is the message that
wants to give is a little ambiguous I don't know
It remains like this
I understand, I think she's a little bit involved
in the W universe in the progr universe and
are they the same ingredients as always or
be eh in the end she is participating
in this war, in the media too
with as you say several messages like that
as mysterious I don't say but I don't say
but maybe I let this fall, I let this fall
another and And that's what I'm telling you, that is
Fran wasn't even aware that
She had walked through programs of the
heart then it is not that the fact of
that you go to a gossip show
gives you the right to give others the right
right to say what they want but
Man, it is true that you lend yourself to
that people have positive or negative opinions
negatively about your life and your
logically of course of course logically it is
I don't know what to ask for from the normal person
that people do not think otherwise
They are already messages like the ones they say
because I don't follow her on social media they say
that they put that on their social networks
There are four brains that put it and it
They are going to put it whether it is public or not.
because those are people who don't think
people who were wishing me no
I know what horrible things that doesn't But that
Nobody wants it, nobody who has two
forehead fingers man not even the
Fran himself would want that for his mother
of their children obviously Of course not
Sab has
I ask for myself that's a little
universe woke up to victimhood
Oh I don't know what's there I don't know how much and it's like
It's that it's a war, that's what you
I mean, it's not like we're going to go, but until
where I know how to see I understand that this video
A little of it will also go to that one
kind of people No man of course let's see
evidently a
little doing the part for the whole
which is what they usually do now I say
that on social networks they are attacking me
riddling as if they were all the
people and it is not true I take it for granted
fact that is not like that but of course
Obviously, well, you'll have to say that.
message Well, it will be that message, let's see Javi
what he has done is not known either
understands very well what he has done
very strong what he has done neither is it
understand very well I am not in favor of
that they tell him horrible things but that they
They are saying that they are giving him criticism
negative Of course, normal if you don't know
understand what you have done above all already
I told you the other day with the testimony
of your children is what touches your little heart
Listening to the kids talk like this and more
also having another smaller one
testimony of the children was because they
They insisted that I eh
Let's see, at first, for example,
me when they told me it to me it was not
who wanted to come, who wanted to talk and
such as I always know a little
This is not what we do, I said no.
I know if it is convenient because if in the end
a person who is doing something to you
It seems terrible that there is a Union
No, because of course I understand that there are many
those involved and each one wants to talk
but you have to be very careful
because you can see that everyone
against a And then you turn it into b
she in the end you know then I said
careful You know But then like her
I was taking a step as the others were going
taking a step and in the end what they wanted to go
but simply without the testimony of
the children in the video I uploaded there in
the main channel showed a little of my
admiration for Fran who is not only
for the animal issue we are
speaking a super rude guy who has
gone through many misfortunes in life
eh And many misfortunes come by the
Yuji's situation and he has been by the side
supporting her at her worst, at her worst
moment of his life fighting fighting
[ __ ] are you going to take it away from him, are you going to take it away from him
I dream that no man I stay with
a phrase that he said eh that was that to
sometimes they had to once in a while
He and he had had to sleep in the car.
children to avoid them according to
What scenes at home, that touched me
little heart Just for one person
who has been helping you so much
economically as well as morally as with
the means he had in his hand to
your stay in prison was the most
as pleasant as possible to get you out of there
as soon as possible I think that is not done
What Yuji did is not done then
that's what put [ __ ] Messi in heo
Hey, Fran got [ __ ] Messi into this.
From Free Yuji and Shakira to everything
the world moved is that Who does not
Yuji's story sounds clear to me
I explain that it doesn't sound familiar to everyone
because he made it very very very very
eye-catching So how do you expect that
public opinion fits this and eye No
I am defending the messages that are
get out of hand eh that I no ...
order by aiva and by passive that is not
do that too you have to be deado
to start insulting her too
I mean, you must be stupid, right? It's that
I think it is not necessary to insult
nobody
Of course what is not necessary is what
It happened today, eh, I mean, this is what happened today.
It seemed like another level, okay
Obviously I'm not going to put
disqualifying because I think not no
It's not necessary or anything like that. Okay and
I ask you please not to do so.
do not do either but
This for me has
overwhelmed Let's see, I'm not going to do it
neither the paper, that is to say, it has not been for me either
caught by surprise now let's remember
some scenes that have been more or less
similar and comments we have had
the last few months have been a bit
similar but we would have to give a
little bit of context no Elena yes
Do you want to give a little context of what
This is what was happening so that
Let's end at this point and let no one be
talking about the other point but they are
talking about this But what do you mean
to your story for example with
not your story with me I think everything
the world knows this boy is the
Tania's friend Tania's new friend who
They joined because I lost a trial
against him for insults we are
fighting each other He told me
I responded with barbarities
vocabulary that I didn't have and won me
won a lawsuit that was for insult
but the most important sentence was
Tania's life and there are people like Tania or
like Miare's mother or like a bunch
of people Well, he has become a friend
or friend or have joined with this guy and
They have claimed that we unite against
from Jabi Oliveira and all that nonsense
And well, this guy has returned today
roast La Patita let's say no to teaching us
how he is the same person as with the
that I had the hook four or five years ago
years we don't know who is perfectly
because there are channels dedicated to dedicated
to support him No because he won a lawsuit against me
for insults No but what had happened
eh with the death of a girl
those last days the girlfriend of a
youtuber freedom and whatever comes out has
recently passed away in
very unfortunate circumstances for a girl
very young and attempting against her own life
So what happens and this guy does a
They criticize the video and some think it's good.
others do not give it importance each one his own
opinion and Yan Planas goes to Twitter
the deceased girl and says you have there
the message yes but the subject of the
girl was making controversy okay I
I haven't gotten into the subject because Ah ok
everything that is the controversy of
that sill I was commenting on that
By the way, he has accused me of being
I have not commented on that and I have
commented everything before starting to
comment Yes to me too as if I didn't even
I'm not even here, so the first thing is that
I'm waiting to see when Adriá arrives.
is found because I have a good one
relationship with Adriá with this boyfriend
Girl, I have a good relationship, okay?
I have known him for many years and
with me she has always been a [ __ ]
Mother, I was talking to him this morning
with you on the phone I say I eh
I want to think that Adrian has
wrong because it is in a moment
delicate okay And it is at a time when
Hey, you can make mistakes, too.
I put myself in the place of the people and I
I also make mistakes No the thing is that
He uploaded a video to YouTube, eh? And the
miniature let's say Let's see it's my
miniaturero is aiden and for the miniature
this is how colorful a path looks like
of min is that it seems that they are going to do a
challenge doesn't make sense of course it is
a Deiden miniature and such, I removing
I'm going to tell you the miniature my my
Valeo opinion removing the thumbnail myself
I saw the video when I was in Córdoba and
No, it didn't seem bad to me at all, that is, me
I wouldn't have made the video the best
But I don't get involved in how each of
suddenly his head ASSUMES a duel I
the miniature When I saw it I say this
thumbnail you should have put a photo
you would have left the frame that leaves you
YouTube you know and then certain ones have come out
messages and that apparently the
supposedly her family has
posted in the chat accusing him of a
a lot of things but I didn't even know him
I obviously spoke to see messages
we can write anything in a video
from YouTube create an account then
Let's wait. It might be that the
[ __ ] let's see but how are we going to
we accept those messages as valid
Just because someone writes it doesn't mean
I have not seen any message whatsoever
come are screenshots not messages
messages are are Good yes The screenshots
From the messages I saw the same thing
I
And really, man, they are accusing you of a
very serious thing and that will be or will be
How are we going to say no because it is
They have already said it, we have to
condemn such a person but not
we are now the first thing that those messages
be in the video for real because I
that I have seen are captures that are in
the video that is real
relatives of the girl who in peace
rest that's the first thing V I think that
okay And in case they are Maybe
They have that perspective and that
image of adriá and adria has another
version because many times families
There are problems then well I By
supposedly I had not been in total what
I tell you, I told you this morning
I don't see it well, I don't see it well because I don't
He is a boy who already has her
a certain repercussion is a very video
delicate you are talking about someone who
It is no longer part of your
life is already your ex if it is your ex I want
understand that maybe you didn't have it anymore
good deal and make a video about your
death monetizing only if you
you want to express your opinion because
you have the need to tell the world
what you feel Or communicate it damn it with a
tweet that is free you understand me
You post a tweet. Hey, look, this is happening.
even if you put a tweet that we
It may take us days to read it because it is a
thread of these great ones it doesn't matter but no
would have had that economic aspect
mixed with her death
I explain but it's a little bit for me because of
What are people going to say because I
We've really talked about this all this time.
tomorrow but nothing happens we return to
repeat that we do not share the same
my personal opinion from my
point of view and based on everything that
I've been seeing these years, maybe not
Yes, a few years ago I would have been like me
I wouldn't do it, eh, I wouldn't upload a video of
that topic surely and if I uploaded it
eh no, I don't think I would upload it, I don't know
The truth is that I have no idea, okay?
I hope I never have to see any of them
situation to know if I would do it or not No
but I do not judge who does it the fact of
doing it is worth it because then you'll be damned
thumbnail wasn't appropriate or whatever
but not play because each one lives the
duels in one form and I've seen lots
of times that videos are uploaded
Dalla's sister died, I uploaded a video
that people criticized her also because
upload a video Dallas also uploaded a
The video was with the pears, I saw it differently.
I saw Dallas differently because the
Dallas was on fire because according to him
with his stepfather had committed a
medical negligence and that's why he had
deceased Okay then he was like
shouting at the four lies that it is that
That had to be known because it had been
I see an injustice differently than
just tell Hey look this happened has
deceased as is what he says, eh a
little the story of yours with isido
per thing There is an important fact that the
girl was part of it not that it was the
channel of ya yel but it did appear by
he
channel But how long has it been since it appeared if
It's not related anymore. I think so.
Not so much, eh? I mean, they are clear.
saying that he is an ex, I don't know that he was an ex
I saw her recently with that and a
such a delicate death of a girl
so young I don't know what to see, to see you
I'm also going to explain the same thing.
I tell you one thing, I tell you another thing.
It also depends on whether you know the
person you are telling me Look at me
I have a good relationship with you, you don't know him from
having grown up with him and have known him since
Boy, but you know he's not a bad guy.
more or less how it behaves what else what
It happens to me that if you do it tomorrow AND
You are accused of having monetized with
A relative of yours who knows you would say
because he wouldn't remember, he wasn't even there
thinking that the video was going to be monetized
I know you because it's okay, it happens, it has
that you have to understand that I have
seen from outside the Gallery
people who look at us and say man if I
You give me a choice and I have to give my opinion
I would not upload a video of this Caliber
Ok, but because of the guy he is, I'm
You say tomorrow that you're going to start talking
I know that you have died. You have passed away.
your grandfather and you stand here and say I
How bad I've had it. Well, look why
We were going and I don't see that much but it is
a young girl in that circumstance of
It really is so pitiful to me that
No, I don't see it, it makes a video but I see it
another way eh I see it another way
monetized it or not
monetized is that I the the the if monetize
or not monetize I see it more for the one who
Tell people that because of course I eat
youtuber Well I say but it's that if I
I have the entire channel monetized
by default it may not even have
fallen in disabling monetization to
that video and a video more or less than
is monetized It doesn't change anything for us
economy you know then of course I in that
sense yes that maybe H that could be
I should have been more careful or I'm not
saying the opposite is fine but I would add
for now until someone tells me
prove otherwise for me you have my
respect because with me it has always been
behaved very well and I feel sorry for that
much eh is that it does not have to
lose it Although I am against it no
But I mean that there will be people who
say that I don't care that there are people who
I called myself a little neutral or whatever.
but I'll forgive you for telling you when
A person shows me one thing and
with me in my worst moments he behaves
Well, I have that person in mind.
counts for life and I am That's my
way of being and that's it, he has done it wrong
that he has screwed up. Hey, well, maybe the
has caught in a moment that the head
I wasn't reacting like in other
normal moment and maybe he screwed up
and has deleted it and such regarding the
hosa accusations Well that's what I think
It will be one thing the accusations are so
strong clear the accusations are so
strong that we cannot say if
are they true or false?
I've even seen her with it but
also suddenly for real or rather they are
things that are familiar to everyone
will have his point of view and it will be one thing
that I believe that today it is no longer
We have the little girl here unfortunately
and we won't even be able to debate, you understand?
So I think the topic is better
let it be and I think when he
Come on then you will give an explanation
apologize Maybe with the relatives
for having uploaded the video without
consult it I imagine I don't know why
I'll see you, I've seen a guy, man.
I also tell you one thing either
I understand that request from the family of
you should have consulted us
we eh to me Forgive me but if
Tomorrow we go, knock on wood
Please, I don't know that it never happens to me, but yes
Tomorrow I'll pass it to Ortega, I won't.
I remember asking your permission
family But I have permission to no one to
I talk about my life, about my relationship
a person I know about the
topic makes a video It's that I here in
Youtube I have seen a lot of parents of
brothers' boyfriends and they are publications
that are born in you at the moment and look at me
I have yes it is true that it is Twitter
Okay, but I have my post pinned.
of
from Twitter is the woman of my life who
It was my grandmother, you understand, and there she was.
I have it pinned on my Twitter and it's what
There is Because I feel like it I like that one
moment that I have doing the
monologue and that's what there is if you monetize
Twitter would be making money by
That tweet I'm telling you about, you know it changes
that my my such But well whatever it is I
I think we all agree, okay?
in which one must be and this also
We have spoken many times you and I and
This is not about being unclear
of not being transparent of being a little
false hypocrite I believe that in life and
I think this is an issue of Education
basically
we have to be false in many
Occasions there are not many times that you
They say it's not that you told me this in
privately and in public you say something else
Well, many times it has to be
so you don't have to be so
transparent and so clear you understand or that is
even if you think one thing in private
many times exactly eduction
So I think that everyone and
many others due to empathy, not exact and
I believe that under no circumstances
concept is justified that Joan flat
Okay, this is the girl's T. The girl
that his girlfriend or ex-girlfriend has committed suicide
adriá adriá is the other person who has
had a trial with Johan Vale, he put himself
a few in demand with all the
YouTube group that fought okay And with
Adrial has lost it too, Tania
He doesn't read that sentence but with Adria
He lost it too I think later in a
The appeal was concluded that neither the costs for
none or something like that at first glance
They sentenced him to costs that
they condemn to the costs and in second I believe
that no one knows the costs
each one on his own and now I think that the
Joan in his movement and in his theme has
appealed to the Supreme Court I don't know why
four tet is okay well it turns out that
the girl put in March in March worth in
March put this tweet that I think it
I have open for
Here the tweet is a 3-second tweet
I had it open But wait I want it
open the tet so people can see Elena
Comment comment while what is the
Let me read what Joan Plana writes.
Okay, he says, well, I was being
harassed and complaining that even I
they drew themselves committing suicide
It's worth answering her
Okay, it's not a tweet that he puts to rest.
in peace from your account as condolences no
Imagine if you didn't behave well with me.
but I'm very sorry about what happened to you
indeed it would have been indeed
It is completely different that he has gone to
search for everyone when
react to this and see that she was bad
very bad and laughed at him. Of course because he
twit is obviously not going to be read by her
Her family is going to read the Twi and
and such this this is the tweet that Joan
flat had saved for the girl okay
So this is the girl's Twitter and
Joan Plana Eh Well at some point
came across this tweet that now has
visits because it has gained repercussion
but we are talking about what has
only the answer joh plan or so
We are talking about a tweet that
better than seven people had seen it
Elena Vale And he at the time the girl
he put this tweet that this tet is
haha [ __ ] off go [ __ ] off
and that
click Okay, so this tweet he knows it
they had it saved okay not even
I knew it was that tweet and that tweet was
Elena jaj Jaja and and a click that makes the
you will take the grace to give it this voice
for ass two seconds is worth it, so neither
he is not messing with him nor is he
glad that they tell him nothing That's the one
click ok And then he has it
saved he remembers everything that someone
If you posted a tweet 25 years ago
years where you have not given him the reason in
something or whatever this is I put it in the
Gameover for example I think it was with an invite
I don't know what it's worth because he's gone when
The topic has gone viral on Twitter
Yesterday and the day before yesterday I had it dedicated to
Adriá is totally fine. It's not that I've commented.
Hey, the video Adri, no no no, he hasn't gone to
The girl's tweet today has gone to
the girl's tweet a tweet from March and
has put eh life that you have back
It is a nonsense from the
beginning to end is that it is that
tweet that he has posted which is what
I think he doesn't see why he says he crosses me out
of a bad person because I have put that
Rest in peace No sir, you are
by saying [ __ ] you you are saying [ __ ] you
I can't interpret that you in any other way.
way it is so that you can see that I
you wanted me when
where it is that it was not even desired
If it is that tweet that I don't know if there are more
Hey, a person who isn't going to read it, Javi.
You know what happens Look though
It is true that there are more tweets where
She laughed at him and had no empathy
He who is now deceased
empathy is you because she no longer has
Nothing more to lose, my poor thing
Maybe whatever it was has defeated her so
point that you can no longer discuss How
you happen to go to his tweet to talk
with her to remind him how bad it is
behaved according to you, eh, I don't care that
Even if it were true that even if it carries the
reason and flat that I don't care what it is
that this is not right, that this is what
I was telling him that resentment doesn't bother you
Let resentment advance, it makes you go to
search for her tweet and not even
you post a tweet from your own account
in two weeks saying Look then
I really didn't offer my condolences to the girl.
because he was already laughing at me and
can
understand but of course I have
losses in this world that I do not
I would regret it but I am not going to put it on
tet uncle please who is talking to
the
deceased
Of course, taking advantage of the virality of the topic
Hey, they're canceling. Yes, because if not.
They would have cancelled Adria, maybe not.
I would put the twi or if I don't know I don't know
I have no idea what the
intention that he has what I do know and he knows
I said it live and if it suits you
I'm sorry, I don't want to. Sorry.
I want to answer a comment
Sorry to interrupt you Elena, I
I'm going to advance what [ __ ] Tania says
We are waiting for your opinion on this
Paqui we already have it
defend it we have it
defends has already been
pronounced it defi has gone to give it a
saasco to a little girl who has just
die by suicide or that is
tremendous is tremendous I have to tell you
that after I post this tweet
I don't usually comment on things about him, eh, I mean.
I try to avoid it because it is a
person who knows every step I take
He's like very obsessed with me for a
video that I made I don't know what year it is worth
I have apologized for my expressions
Ok, I didn't appeal, Elena, I proposed to her.
I deleted all the videos not even the
that the sentence ordered me, but everything
about him except the gameover which is like
the one I see is the story, not the
center that would have also erased it
because I told him, man, each one for himself
Sorry for the expressions despite
What he told me is fine, no.
There were few. Sorry for the expressions.
each one on his own I remove all the
videos that c but it's not worth it, it's not worth it
He wants to kick me off the internet. He wants to
kick me out of of that I said it
specifically that they close you
channels Yes yes he said it he said it
Exactly. Well, I have to tell you.
that when I put this tp this yes
I found it very newsworthy, okay. This t
I was commenting on it, many people have told me
It seemed newsworthy and this one does it
position okay Well then Elena has gone eh A
Each response to my tweet is worth every
with another account which is from a
bar and has gone to every answer of every
answer I mean Well imagine here
to this to this to this to this to this to
Each person has given each answer
made the copy and paste saying but no
You say nothing about how her ex profits from her
sui and they accuse him of malt eh emoji clown
and she joined in the harassment where I
they drew themselves committing suicide
bullying said the condemnation laughing
seeing how I feel in the animation there
that having the brain could Well then
This has been copied and pasted to each
person each person he has put it to me
has posted a tweet from his account since
like Noelia did for example
journalist sounds the same to me
behavior to each answer you know
so let's see let's go to you me when
If you want to stop it at some point, I'll tell you
You ask this how it has arisen that from Batá
Look at me, at first I was good
talking reacting to this tweet
how we are right now and
Good morning, first Ortega comes to me with him
phone you know he had it hey and
I see on the screen Joan flat that to me
I was surprised, I say how the hell does it come out?
name on the screen but now for me
I was calling on WhatsApp to the phone
I have a visa position, okay?
see there on the screen that I was looking for
calling me on WhatsApp yes yes yes he was calling me
calling by WhatsApp Total as the
phone not shown up for that reason not
I knew not directly I have not seen it
in the chat whether it has appeared or not No
I want to be guilty of lying. I have not done it.
seen ok, no one has told me
I was here in the chat not directly
He called on the phone and I picked up.
phone of course and so tell me
Joan, yes, no, look, let's see if
we can discuss this on screen such
because if I have to sue you because
I'll send you the link right now, I have yours
My problem, my balls, I sent him the
link has gone up and what you are going to see is
what can be taken from Joan Plana I
Javi thought before they go see him
Okay, I was thinking of letting him scream because
I don't understand what we're talking about
empathy if I'm talking about you
something that your life depends on
because we go so far as to go to you
look for a tweet from March I'll leave you
You say what you want to say and then
Well, calm down now, right? And look, Joan, it's
that this is not normal because this because
I thought he was going to behave differently
way but it is not worth it he has behaved like that
since it has gone up eh Let's see I'll get on
camera and go up to Wait a second the
two equals Hello good afternoon nor good
afternoon Hey, good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Yes, I'm listening to you, let's see, eh, what am I?
freaking out, I mean I know that I don't like you
I know I don't know who you are This is not
I have actually heard you mentioned in
He has mentioned you on several occasions
eh I don't know if he mentioned me But it is
lie Direct we have seen it if I
you know if you know me you know who I am but
come on, what you have with me is that I am
your friend is no longer there
if he knows who my enemies are but
until the accounts at level I had a
debate one night with these two
mortgage agreements
fixed and and
He showed up there at 4 in the morning
because I had had a debate with
They to congratulate him. I mean, if he knows
every movement yes I don't know who you are
I've seen you, I've seen you talk about me
You've been messing with me for a while now because
This harassment group set up by already
We know who the condemned one, eh, one second
but what a
Secondito is already lying, that is, I'm not
I name him first because he doesn't stop me
I don't say it as a lack of respect
For me it is not relevant, right?
there is what there is, there was a dispute
with you you have already commented on what was that
I had commented more in my live
What else can I say about Johan Plana?
I have been able to say sporadically
as has appeared for example in the
chat what you say about SS connection then
It seems like a crazy idea to me because they were
4 o'clock
tomorrow but I have seen that you are capable
of going to the twitter of a girl who just
If he died in March, I'm not surprised that
you appeared in a chat
normal
normal what have you seen I am
hallucinating for a second Joan a
second, what have you heard from me?
messing with you There are videos There is a
lots of videos but I'm not coming to
talk about you now Oh of course you have
that we have talked about on Tania's Channel
shown what you have dedicated yourself to doing
Without me knowing you I don't know who you are
and you have dedicated yourself to attacking me when
when they have given me
I have received messages telling me to commit suicide.
been making animated videos of my
person committing suicide
Regarding this, it would be good
clarify eh what the sentence said
was the next thing okay This was a series
some cartoons in fact Case
geeks okay I don't remember literally
What's the deal and exactly
that it was the drawing that he says No
but well in that video it even appeared
utbh dying too, that is, it was a video
The other day master reacted but the Ne
reacted to an identical drawing from another
youtuber I don't know who it was utbh or someone
from that yes to this one he shared it in
On his Twitter he shared this where
He himself looks with his fist full
fists full of blood because it hit him very hard
strong to hit utbh very hard okay
I don't take these things so seriously either.
seriously the truth sincerely now if you
You ask me individually what you
It seems that someone comes to put in the
chat that I have you man because a
idiot, I'm telling you no
I know he shared this drawing because
Of course, he was based on this and
look okay
eh But well the sentence what he said
It is in relation to a third party video
from the state of alarm program in which
a cartoon appears that represents
the actor committed suicide and the defendant
I commented that they were making fun of Johan
flat This is what I said okay
again it is nothing more than an opinion of the
humorous character of said cartoon
without greater significance as an exercise
the right to freedom of
expression to me is that
I also mix everything, that is, one thing
It's that they are writing to you
messages of that nature in your chat in your
comment box that is being sent to you
saying those things that seem to me already
I say very ugly and totally condemnable
and another thing is that you mix it with memes
that people do on the internet so much
one for the other because it seems to me
that they are girls, I don't know a cartoon that some
You may find them in good taste and others
not so much Good but from there to do a
drama for that meme because it turns out you
you reacted and was look there he is
geeky the
You Know Channel It seems like an outrage to me, right?
I know forgive me that you are sending me one
more or less important thing don't you
Don't worry, he hasn't even let me speak.
Menda, what do you think? I've stayed.
I swear, I thought it was more
polite, I was wrong, he insulted me
and now we are going to do everything
see host They are sending me one
thing of let's go about what about what not
I'll tell you later but
Let's go I don't think it will be very
strong and and and messages where they are
telling me to kill myself or whatever but it is
that we are not or rather we are going to see the
fact you are supporting you are supporting
people Excuse me, let me talk a bit
time to tell you why I have
I decide to go in because I'm a little fed up
the noses you have
I didn't explain half of it, I didn't explain that the
ex is being accused of abusing her and
to take advantage of and profit from their
suicide you are not hiding this and in
change you are giving moment for having him
said to had just spoken I had just
of speaking it What happens is that as it enters
like an elephant in a china shop, not even
He must have seen the video and they have warned him. Hey.
Elena is saying this about you
uploaded and screwed up but totally not
He ended up there and screwed up because
Now he will say some things that are true
Let's see how you explain them, let's see how you explain it.
you explain Joan Plana
and I had just said the same thing as
we've been here talking right now
Look at the messages, they put it that way
worse the family I don't know what I don't know how much
I don't think the video can be monetized with
this is the same, the same was it
saying on my live and says that I
hidden not that hidden not that
we hide okay because I belong to a
The girl group apart who is
hiding if that's viral but kid
but if I just named it, it has been
uploaded a live stream to scold me
for something I just mentioned but
You think this is normal, shouting and
without letting me speak come on man hey
Even if you were with me, or rather, even if
you were supporting bullying where
I was receiving messages and drawings
that I committed suicide even so you
I want you to rest and that's why I'm bad
person and you do a live with my name
for saying that but you don't do a live show
saying Hey, it's that the ex is
accusing for the supposedly according to
the family of friends and I arrived
privately to trusted people
saying that if she was mistreated and that
In addition, he has profited from having to
delete the video of his suicide but the
It's me who's crossed the line that's bad.
It's me but what what independent Or
be no it would have nothing to do with one thing
with the other one. So whatever there is
done adriá if he has done it wrong then
It may be poorly done but this is nothing special.
What to see I am I am not on YouTube
and it's that I'm not even ever public
some video of You're Welcome and you're playing
the noses because what you want is that
who commits suicide is me, that's what
you were supporting that attack on
my constant person so that I
committing suicide is a thing, my goodness, it is that
You're going to have to prove this to me in
a court which is where he likes it the most
he
talk to sue that if I'm going to sue him
man who has it very clear nothing more
that due to the lack of respect apart from
the very serious things that you have
warned without eating or drinking it from me
person is going to lay you down and have a
fight with Tania Tania you have one left
with him because now when I tell you give it to you
Elena's thing and you tell her no Elena
No, Elena has not named you Joan.
Elena's tets where are Elena no
writes on Twitter
eh Now you go to court and I
You prove to me that I am not in no
I know what group for an intention of I don't know
What about you? Okay, well, it's not even
we talk about him look at the but
flat for God's sake the other day they sent me
captures I don't know if I'm already
vacation I or or before okay But I
[Music]
they sent me
Maria Elena says you see it as normal that
you're always with the same old story and
Javi also gets into all the
screwed up Yes, I'm here all the time
Hoping everyone mentions me
My Mira says answering an account
which is called javel wigs Okay says
Well Javi, this was a few days ago, I don't know.
How many? Okay, so Javi on Instagram
Lamore gave it a few good likes afterwards.
He complained that I said he jerks off
with her something I never said
but of course seeing that for a like
understands that he wants to bang her because now
everything is already there
This squares the face the other day to me
They sent it the other day, he said yes yes let's go
Aha a week eh I don't know what we were
debating about some l I don't remember
what it was with I think it was something of mine with
Ricky because Ricky had given him a like
a girl's Twitter then she got into a fight
with the girl Vale and he seems to be
He will have seen the debate and says that.
mother
my mother my mother no but man the
accusation that has been made against me that I
I belong to a bullying group which is what
What they want is for us to know what
We want you to end your
life but Lord what is it about? I want
that no one ends his life obviously
But let's not say anything about what I had with
It was a debate in 2020 as with
any other type of creator
content that is debates and controversies
that we have and to which he himself
lend and take part in some things
the best would come out others would come out me is the one
that has a debate and period is not
Personally, do you understand that he took it?
As the theme of his life you understand me
but it's not personal nor do I know what this is
He should look at this, okay?
He would have to look at it and I have.
said at the beginning of my live show
I don't want Yoan to be flat if
it reaches your ears that you are going to take it
as a lack of respect but this is
You have to look at it and consult with a
specialist because he thinks he follows
being the subject of comments from
many people that I name that
we are in a group to go
behind Joan Plana that is not Joan Plana
that you are going to write to a tweet
of a girl who just passed away
answer him And I suppose you would think
interacting with her is you churra that
You're the one who's going to tweet in March
who is not the one who writes a tweet in your
realize that you are going to answer her
that you speak to him as equals out of resentment
that she tweeted you and laughed at you
you because you gave yourself a clown voice that's it
It's you that nobody talks about you Joan that
not that I could have answered it in
the same moment she was laughing at her
at the same moment
I don't know if that much
You are still defending Hey, it's just that
How can you be Joan that tells him that
Rest in peace man who tells you that
Rest in peace is not O you what
you put it wants to camouflage it Now
Rest in peace, no, he did this too.
I recently wanted to camouflage a TT no
I remember that it was but it was when
He lost one of the trials I think it was
when he lost the lawsuit with the nicoteca
who also put a t that was a
The barbarity is that the few times that I
about it because I try not to comment
about him And such But man what happened today has
It was newsworthy and they were putting it on
many people before me are worth it in fact
the capture is not mine, let's go, the capture is mine
I took it from someone who was putting it
But man, he made the subject.
viral has turned it around so that it doesn't
talk more about the viral topic with what
has done what has covered the viral topic me
it seems like
true and that he is comparing me to a
thing with the other
listen listen or not I'm going to listen
Okay, so for a moment, for a moment.
in a second we understand everything that has
past here we do not understand no You have
arrived like a Miura bull and tested
of that which you have not even seen that
since I have posted the tweets that I have
posted the friend's tweet where
The relatives were putting it on him
was a
mistreats what the [ __ ] are you telling me? Ah
I am the worst and I am the worst does not have
nothing to do with it is that we are measuring ourselves
Who is worse than another, I answer.
Well, if you ask me, it doesn't matter.
what to see but if you ask me
Joan answered, clear, clear, yours is a thousand
times worse of course damn how am I going to
I compare that a boy makes a mistake or
Don't make a mistake when deciding whether
is good or bad from the point of view
ethical to publish a video of the
death of his ex How come you
go talk sea hair says Maria
hair that if he lost his mind he is clear
The thing is that Tania doesn't read that one.
The tan has already said that she is not going to do those
read has already said it so much that only
worth whatever is against me that I
lose eh Not even if I win that no
It is inclusive but no, well if you have done it
a video title saying that I am
bad for telling Joan flat crosses the
I have not been able to find the limit to be bad
I have also specifically said this
within the live because I don't know if
Someone has left me a comment
said it is not about being good or bad
person I'm not even going to enter to value
That means I honestly believe
heart that needs to consult with a
specialist what is what what is what
makes his resentment lead him to write
in a girl's March tweet that
He just passed away, what moves him?
Inside when a girl dies it is worth it
In this young way that everyone
I would have to say host and he goes to
tweet to search and reply to what you want
that you
say for telling him to rest in peace still
having supported these messages that
you have here on screen to tell a
person to address you on Twitter
deceased person is not well
fruit of resentment to tell him what to tell him
What did you say to her?
I failed because I couldn't tell him, "Hey, rest."
in peace because I can't
He insists but look at the life he has turned around
Haa rest in peace Of course not the tone that
The one who for me was not bad and besides
apart from that it doesn't fit, damn it, no
peg but this is very Joan Plana eh or
be him This is what he did and that's why
also partly wins the lawsuit because
He tells you things or hints at them and
He tells you so you know maybe you with
more or less success you go more to the sack
tell him things clearly and he will tell you
That's how he disguises it for you But you know what he
is saying what he is trying not to
touch you know and then deny it is that
He denies it to you directly.
done just finished we just saw a tea where I
He denies having told me what to do
straw with the photos of Lada and as clear
He didn't put it on me literally, he told me
V with the Lada ig photos that it gives me
Just as he leaves, he keeps my opinions
said because he posted a tweet in
public in the in the in the thread of a or
be it a girl who has just passed away and
the topic is going viral that you
You're going to swallow my opinions, Joan, yes.
you like them well and if not then nothing but the
that I don't have to swallow your opinions
because it is part of an accusation of a
crime and it's false it's me okay I do you
I'm going to sue because you've gone too far
crime with me and now but that my
you swallow opinions
Of course, normal man, looking for a tit of
Marz, it's not normal to tell him to rest.
in peace to see what your name is Elena Elena
It is not normal to tell him to rest in peace
for you it is not normal it is not normal
tell him to rest in
peace very bad person desc p say that
Rest in peace as to give him a
video and not Alex who is being accused
of abuse and taking advantage but it is
that you can't make a video for him because
is being accused on the basis of some
captures that have come out is that there will be
see if it is confirmed that the captures
They are in those comments, we will have to see
the accusations also if they are true or
And then when they are true, well
We'll say, "Wow, listen," but that doesn't mean
your criticism of your tweet. See if tomorrow
yes yes instead of posting the tweet today
I would have put tomorrow and today only
I would have had to comment on Adriá's case.
Well, I would have commented on it and explained it.
I wouldn't have done it the same way I did it.
given more hype to the comments where
They accuse him of the worst because I don't know if
They are true, you understand me. I can't.
go in there Javi Because it seems very to me
Unfair for all parties now puts
there anyone in a in a comment
Hey, it's that you treated her like that, maybe.
from family perfection to a
fake account is that we don't even know
I would not have even mentioned it
Exactly the same but it is part of
a wrong base and he comes to me saying that
is that I am hiding the video where
the relatives are writing But if
I just mentioned it before, stop and
think Because today I tell you today with me
You have shown off and you have put your foot in it
Here Joan I'm sorry son Good with you
had already been showing off since the morning
no no but I came to refer to what has happened
has come, has come up and has said to
Look at this one, I don't even know what it's called.
Okay, so I don't know what this one's name is.
I don't even know how I'm going to get on it.
put in its place And of course it serves as
Notice to the navigator, a milestone for you
Mr. Plana, come on now.
man also what I have to think
that's not it
exp can you explain to me why the
The protagonist is me if you don't leave me
I'll take you down if you're not going to let me.
talk I'll take you down okay because the first thing
What you said is that I try to make you
do the same thing okay because I'm the one
protagonist Tell me no, listen to me,
you said that I tried to make you
you do the same thing and that's a
very serious accusation that I do not even
I was here on inter you are doing a
I'm doing a live show
saying that you should consult a
specialist let me speak okay because
If you're going to shout or talk, no, no.
you are letting people talk
call to say consult a
specialist to tell you why the
resentment makes you go to a publication of
March of a girl who just became
that to write to her to her What
you say what you say to me I received the
tweet I received the tweet the same day
that I answered, that is, it would be all the same
it would be the same
just as I obviously don't believe it
Ok but IG only has the saved one I have
I don't believe it, he has already done it in others
occasions that someone has put you
a mention in the year 1800 and he
remember what you can receive for Norma
but you see normal little creature that you
copy and paste to each person who has
answered and to your tweet you only see
Each person who has answered has
made a copy paste it has been done to you
sound Now yes yes No no has returned I have
turned man by God I do not have nor
[ __ ] idea of ​​when you are
you guys looking it's in March it's in I don't know
that
Man, let's see, eh? I'll put it here, that is.
you don't have to look at anything 23 minutes
answer Look who's doing the capture
I had put the TT in 23 minutes and and
This is from March 13th. Of course.
you can see how much the TT is if it is a
girl who is not here with us
Well, it is obviously not from now
twit is
So you're going to let me talk or you're not going to let me talk.
to let me speak, as I received that
tweet and they told me Look at this girl, eh?
has committed suicide and made a video
Adria profiting from his suicide are
saying that he mistreats her and it turns out that
This girl was messing with you.
I saw the tweet then I looked who that was
girl I said damn I saw that she is a girl who
he was stalking me on the networks
I have messages on Instagram in other
Twitter accounts I mean, he kept on saying
haunt me for years trying
join in the harassment and I said damn what
pity and I wrote to him Hey, so what?
It's a shame you harassed me, you tried to support me
How they said that I should commit suicide is that
No, she didn't tell him that, she didn't even tell him that.
He told her what a pity neither she nor him
I was saying that to him Oh my God
But come on, if this one thinks so
This guy thinks I'm going to stop
interpret your tweet as I see fit
Joan Plana wins as I play him in
my free understanding that you are not going to me
you say what I have to think or
Not even insults are worth saying that you are going to
having to prove what you have said
you're going to be the one in court
smart guy, you are a smart guy
eh but it's that but it's that it's that neither
She was telling him those things. Neither was he.
He answered like this, that is, it is not
true Javi neither even if it were true nor
even if it were true that she told him
that's thinking the same, it's not the right time, right?
It's the way that Look who's going to read it
tweet the tweet of that apart from the
us Because of course he has taken care of it
to do it at the moment where it is most viral
It was who can read it his relatives
ji You think it's normal You think that
It's normal and I'm not going to enter into the evaluation. Yes
That's what you only do to a relative of mine.
flat I'm not even going to enter to value it
What would I do, come on, man, a relative
Mine just took his young life like that
and I see that you are saying to see very
You weren't good, but rest in peace.
man man for God's sake what the [ __ ] are you
defending well besides that you
defend whatever comes out of your mind
balls, I'm not going to defend him
The thing about eggs is that they rise to
call your attention because you why
You're thinking that because I feel like it.
joh plana Yes but apart eh Let's see eh
It's okay if a person makes you
much damage you will not regret its loss
but I don't think the girl doesn't know that
there is more content for that tweet
has done a lot of damage to him, look, it is
what does a person seem to me if he is a person
that you are even happy Look at what you
I say you are glad of his death
point in Boca uncle because he has
relatives okay that those relatives
You probably haven't been made
absolutely nothing, I don't know anyone
that he posted a tweet Neverland on
No you know him Javi you who
You dedicate this to the famous person you know
someone who posted a tweet
saying I am glad of the passing of
such a person no one ever puts him no one ever
goes to the tet of a deceased to answer him
with a previous controversy uncle giving him a
please take out a deceased and I am
that can't be a video eh in the c
condemned there where I commit suicide and still
So I wish you to rest even so but
Hey, but that girl is not in my
channel never nor nor I am glad of the
drawing that they did I don't do it either
I would have made you understand the drawing
you know but well what am I telling you? I mean
we reacted to the drawing when I saw it
I said, well, they're catching up on me either.
You know I'm not going to be here like that either
There is a drawing but listen to me
but this drawing is worth it
Meme I heard it from Tania
later a lot of times like
weapon as you have to see of those that are
They laughed but let's see sir but you
He's going to tell me what memes I have.
I have to laugh at which ones No but if it is that
he has this on his Twitter he put this
on his Twitter Look, leave him, he's already dead
Look Juan, leave him, he's already dead and it's him.
with bloody hands because he
has given to utbh or rather he has this
drawing that he likes drawings
has this drawing on his Twitter So
I understand that a drawing doesn't offend you.
of the
geeks
you know it's like if I know the
It's true, no, it wasn't my intention to offend you.
because it didn't seem like a big deal to me
drawing What do you want me to tell you besides
that is comparing person ha
compared to what becomes
reality of mistreating her and they are
accusing him of profiting from her suicide
I ask you, let me finish and you
I let you talk It's not what you're telling me
that is that I am not talking about that and
I'm talking about the other commented first
I'm saying that the title of the video
the title of the video is me
protagonist is that he has told him Hey
Although you supported that harassment where they said
that I committed suicide rest in peace and
You think this is terrible. Look, I'll do it.
I'm sorry but I think there's something here
that doesn't work because
clear to make a video saying that
I'm bad, of course I didn't tell him clearly
trying and profiting from suicide
you dedicate the video to him, you don't make him a one
title saying has crossed the
limits plan because it seems worse to me
to me and I have every right to that
There are things that seem better or worse to me. And
It seems worse to me to write to him in the
tweet to a deceased person because
me the tweet
yours do not rest in peace Not to me
similar position is what
hey what's there is mistreating
I have said that it seems terrible to me.
saying that seems terrible to me seems even better to you
Tell me what's mine, may yours rest in peace
Yours is much worse than mine and no, no
that he is saying that he mistreated her, that is
but we don't know if it's true
depending on what the abuse is, then
We will see if the resentment has been better
gathered several things the adriá that not
He won't even be able to see that I'm your friend and that
Seen today, come on, I'm going to go up. And how can they?
be thinking no no Of course it's worse
for
me asking around there is a survey to
see why this is the intention that
It is the intention that I have
I know very well and it is to give veracity to
the words of c adria were a
abuser but wants everyone
world say it but but but but come on
wants everyone to say it clearly or
it's like eh When to utbh utbh
He sued a girl because he said she was
violent with women okay Y utbh
first he won the trial and then in a
appeal the supreme court said that
Well, within the language and the
vocabulary that you have verbally
speaking utbh Well it wasn't either
disproportionate that an opinion was
Hey, how violent you are, talking okay?
Women are fine with anyone, no problem.
Look, it came out like this in the
I personally sentence myself
It seems like a very strong expression to say to him
to someone in the time we are in
You are very violent with women because
[ __ ] we're not talking you know but
Well, he had that bad luck. Well, he
a judge keeps repeating said a
Supreme Court said that utbh that it is
I could say that utbh was violent with
Women repeat it every moment
As a guy this is something that F has been through many times
years uncle many years have passed it is to
that this man is used to and
with me he should get off his donkey, what luck
The hoop because I'm not going to pass anymore
flat with me no eh I tell you the truth
I'm telling you seriously and this sounds very
neighborhood and very low one you can call me
illiterate you can insult me ​​How many
times you want it gives me Exactly
same but you are not going to apply it to me
It's far from drugged that you are a smoker
but because of course he was with a
drug with me you have made a mistake with me
You have accused there of belonging to a group
organized harassment to get
you do the same thing as this girl
unfortunately he has done uncle Really
This guy who thinks he's cool because he has one
opinion that seems like an outrage to me
what you have done and that's it and so it is
Mr. Planas drives, well, no longer Planas.
Well, for you it is no worse than a Paz
rest in peace and instead the other one who
They say that he mistreated her, that's not so
bad nothing Elena was simply for
check if you were illiterate as
No, what happens is that I can.
consider taking for
ass and nothing, I mean it's alone, eh, I mean without
I have already told you that whenever you want
that I form, I conform to the pack of
favorite insults that are fat
drugged and illiterate that whenever she wants
Tell me the other two because kilos
Yes, I have plenty and I smoke. So when
want me to tell you on Twitter you have
dedicated a few words okay eh
Here talking again with Mira Jav
oliveira HD what is out of place
is that I could be dead because of
of harassment and messages telling me to commit suicide
that supported that girl and this little group
This one doesn't know where but he doesn't know
where is he getting into? Is that this
man doesn't even know where he's standing
But at what point have I supported anything?
child I have been educated or refers to Sorry
refers to the deceased girl no eye or
to
It's me, it's the deceased, no, it's the girl. Ah
Of course that girl could be a girl
being in my skin after months
where I only received thousands of messages
hate suicide messages and now what
a person commits suicide and says that even with
how badly he behaved I hope
may he rest in
peace Well it's not exactly like that
But well, the world is not like that for me.
It would be a healthier place if all that
people disappear or are locked up in a
well with their [ __ ] they played with my life and
They tried to take away my business from me
No one by my side deceived or acted
and they tried to make me commit suicide
I feel sorry for them. Because that's why I wore them.
I'm right, you don't feel sorry for the girl.
you have not sent your condolences
Even if you are strange, a little bit cloudy,
you address the deceased directly
You didn't want to send him a message
farewell you wanted to say see life
it goes around a lot, that's what you
you wanted to tell him And that's shady
consult a specialist, don't tell me
I say more they try to divert the
accusations of abuse to profit from
suicide of one of his colleagues
divert tension they point to me for
respond that the sui rest in peace
supported the thing against me is that no no and
Well here Tania appeared
defending him that he said To whom has he
said rat
He says you are a bad person and disgusting
person and Tania tells him and you one
disgusting multi-accounts but they don't call themselves
of a [ __ ]
Mother, but she has messed with Joan.
no longer no
It is also
It really was amazing
eh what a rush eh I haven't seen this in my
life I have never seen in my life that you
put Javi Tú to write on Twitter
you've been in this for a long time here no
s How many times has it been written to you?
tweet to a
deceased has no meaning has no meaning
sense is not that he wanted to put a
sasco the person who is not like Mira
You posted this very mean tweet about
me and look at the way life turns around You know
It's like it doesn't make any sense at all
but my goodness, but Tania supports this
instead of saying Hey man, you haven't done this
lucky state I don't know what no but
Tania You are already positioned there It is that
Tania couldn't oppose it either.
eh I think Tania couldn't go out
to turn against her would turn against her
man look at the screams he gave me
me today insulting me simply because
It seems to me that what has happened is not right
made man if Tania thinks he is
you are
Well, but Tania is always fighting.
for Mental Health how can you
it seems that this is
Well, you'll have to say that later, but
If it seems to her that it is very simple
Javi, it seems like that, but the
girl put a tit but it was not for
Even if it was the worst, gentlemen,
God, what was in his head?
My poor thing, he has defeated her.
defeated that is no longer that we are going to go to
hit him Even if it was the worst thing in the world
world she or anyone else me
It doesn't matter, Javi doesn't justify it, he's not there
Well, that attitude is a bit shady.
You have to have yourself inside, okay?
because you keep silent even that
You rejoice in private, it's your problem.
but you go to the tweet to answer it. It's
rare is strong
Damn, I'm trying, I can't, dude.
I swear really And on top of that he tells me
illiterate
Hey, if you tell me, fat girl, you'll see how you tell me.
fat you see but for the years that have
After a moment, I saw here one
light I want to face my
Yes yes it is what we are going to go now
with another interesting topic
also plug that you in the hallway
I don't know why I don't get it
but I can't do it without a battery
Oh my God, and without letting me speak, man.
without leaving me
talk without letting you talk no no no no
Look, I swear, eh. Really, Javi, you
you know you know that why would I go to you
I thought I was lying, I said, look, so let him talk.
de fogue is also within his rights
Because well in the end, damn it's me who
I'm talking about him letting off steam
Say what you want and then you know it.
It will calm down a bit and we will be able to talk once
[ __ ] for me he hung you up and cut you
illiterate and I'm leaving But Javi what do you think
He did the same to a pass but how a pass
when he went up with Egun, he started to comment
his sentence everything was going well until
Egun pasa contradicted him in a couple of
points with which I did not quite agree
and he said to gun, come on, no, sorry, I don't
I came up here so you could take my
reason told gun happens that I
He spread it in butter or something like that, he told him.
Of course I paid him a step
Of course this is tremendous, eh? And but also
Javi but it doesn't occur to me
I can't get on that with anyone
straight from someone who is saying
something serious about me but that a person
is giving his opinion of what it looks like
that seems like something I have done myself
I'm going straight up and less like that
I remember that the only live show that
I have asked to go up, it was Tania's, but
because Tania was accusing me of
a crime of harassment with Loli do you remember
with that nonsense of the
address that said I was Well
You understand me. I went up there. But because I
It's true that Tania is telling me no.
I think it's good, I think it's bad, I think
I'm going to go up and insult you a lot.
Tania Well it's the same, so I
I'm saying that it doesn't seem right to me
well and you get up to insult me ​​and
say that I am part of a group of
I don't know what you've already made a mistake in
flat but you got the wrong a
from the z
Uncle, I'll tell you what I'm going to tell you if
I've been suffering from it for a long time but
I'm telling you, I mean, neither
I didn't even stop
at what point does it seem like a good idea to you?
put that tweet So what do you think the
people when you are going to post that tweet
that has put What do you think is going to be the
people's reaction to applaud you. Well
look, take Yan Plan was right, hashtag
It's that it's that it's that no I don't understand no
I understand what the objective of and also
with people who are with people who have
It's been so long that you've argued
Well, in the end, with us, well with what
What do you have with me? It's that I
I say F you that what I said to him Forgive
by the expressions when he passed by
judgment you have won judgment for yourself
I delete delete Also more videos of the
that you know what the sentence asked for
I don't even discuss it or make it direct
no videos of the sentence, nothing and everything
one on his own Not in the end what
we want is
living is possible, that is what has been
You have said in public if I have done
any comments on this Javi and the
people who come to see me every day
can tell you when Joan Plana has been
comment that is the object of my criticism or
my no No because I'm not interested I'm not
I'm interested but I don't say it from the way
the past a controversy of the moment here
I'm not interested in a derogatory way
me even when we were
reacting to Tania reacting to
Your sentence was the Daniel channel
who was reacting was Tania who
For me it didn't seem right that he took it
months with your sentence in hand was
Tania Joan flat that says what she wants
It seems to me that it has been coiled with
the Joan Plana issue Well yes but I
I haven't told you more than that, let's see if you tell me
You're going to tell me what I have to
to think that what I think is that
Joan Plana thinks that he can come to the
directly from another person to tell you It's that
You have to say that this is worse. No.
I don't feel like it, I literally don't feel like it
He wins and tells me that he is going to sue me.
what are you going to sue for
exactly what you are going to demand
exactly Joan flat that to me
It seems terrible that you write to him, you try
as if you were interacting with a
deceased that's what you're going to
sue you are going to sue him or you
you've warmed up no no no no no man
Let's see, he put it on a tray for me.
and he likes it very much, he judges him
I love a courtroom and we'll see each other now.
You're going to treat me like this.
Are you going to put yourself in a group? No man, no.
Here we all have honors
everyone and I was trying to tell him and
I was trying to tell him, hey Joan, but if I
I have done the first part of the live show
and he kept yelling at me and kept talking
above me and that I belonged to
a group and that I had tried
that you take off what it will cost you
I work in a plan to look for a simple
clip is going to look for you it's going to cost you the
life because you don't have it because you don't have it
you've got it, that's fine, dude, that's fine.
Well, I'm going to put a climate and see what
people think because well we have
moved on to a topic that is a bit strong
No, but I don't know what this clip is going to do.
seem to people to be the best people
Hey, maybe there are people who see it.
appropriate eh I have seen on Twitter And in
YouTube comments to people you
It seems divine to him that he takes it and
Start attacking my wife now, okay? And
There are several things to comment on this
We see it and we comment on it, okay, look what
your wife gets bigger and bigger breasts and you
You've already warmed up my Papo with more votes
that is what you are good for I was not good for
nothing, no, I have mine here
always the whole life of God was already falling
the
age the clean face look wait what
I'm going to get big so you can see me
People, I'm very cute, look at my face
clean without vote without anything you will see it from there
from the patio p p
When I remember that, I don't need it.
shave to get Bot and it's
puffy hair Look at my hair my hair
gray hair but mine, mine, I don't need it
put on
implant And if I wash the kitchen, this
It's the most sexist thing, dude, you're a sexist
So I tell you clearly and now take me
before a judge and when I taught him
We are going to see several things today, eh, let's
see a few things
and this c is the one that starts in this
occasion that we are not going to comment on the
things today I don't know what you think
you who suddenly get involved start
already raise the level No if I don't answer
Now start messing with me.
woman but I said it a long time ago
Peppa's time to call is up
attention is what it is what it is
has and also always handles the
times like this Now I'm messing with you
I am a warrior because it doesn't suit me
I don't talk to anyone about what I feel like
Tell your wife to get her tits up and
and then comes the victimization afterwards
has to change again and go up again
maybe the level has been like this all the time
does it like this I have a doubt she knows that
My wife had surgery because she had it
I would say at the time we spoke to each other
or I thought I thought about it because of course my wife
It doesn't sound to me that he has put it, it's just that he hasn't
It sounds familiar to me, maybe I'm
I'm wrong, but I would be very surprised
that I have placed an advertisement themselves that
ap the tit doesn't sound like we've said it
that in public never So if not
He said there is a little problem there, I don't mind
It just crossed my mind, I say, and
How do you know that Lorena has hit the
chest no what I have found is
my conversation with her where she
I say the day Hey, look, I'm here
messed up because Lorena made you know then
if you have made public something about health
of my wife who is not public there
We have a little problem. Ah No, look, but
They're saying that you commented on it. Ah
then nothing I have done
commented when you made the
rhinoplasty Ah well there it is Look what
It is it is that's it, so there's no more to it.
turns yes yes he did not comment in public
Well, that's it, but it slipped my mind.
the head also I said how does this taste
woman I mean no how does this know
woman and people are saying it
Javi and I were both having surgery.
But listen to me Javi, this lady
I said it a long time ago he messed with
the Ortega as you educate your children no
go say no, go say no
that no, she has always been the one
has been putting relatives now with
Lorena, what need does she have to say?
whether Lorena starts or stops
put man to see This is as if you
Do you have friends who are trans and have surgery?
the chest too and also put on
Botox and what if they do the
transition are removed and also operated
below the complete operation is done
You're going to think when you see this clip that
because this is what you really
you think Even if you play a role you think
I don't understand the evil of people who have surgery.
so if you have friends because she
For example, she is a very good friend of Amor Romeira.
and boasts a lot about his friendship with love
romeira of course love romeira has everything
operated against the operations I
I don't know if it's about the trans issue, but in
against cosmetic surgery is
They seem completely against him
They seem bad because they criticize you
That's precisely why in this clip you
We just saw Mira natural Alo Vera
that he doesn't even buy cream at the pharmacy is not
as natural I natural that by the way
shows us his face as if it were a
beauty, don't you see it, it's natural
and that you have no solution at all.
Note the age. Of course, if you could.
do it well It would also be very good for you
that there's nothing wrong with wearing boots if I
I can put on Bot I can put on tits
I can put hair on, that's what they are for
non-technologies
Let's see, this is the same lady who
did a live show with a Morena wig
imitating him
the one that doesn't include relatives, the one that doesn't
mentions minors, it's her but
apart from Lorena, eh, so it's not anymore
say no because you say that either
Well, but in the debate that has the
war that she has with me that
She has only one argument with me
It would be that I go bareback that makes me
worse person and you better for not
put it on from the beginning Look at it
mess with your tone of voice The other day you
I was imitating you in a clip
imitating how you spoke you said one
phrase was reacting to a video
yours and for the video it is taken like this
nose clip for nasal voice
take the clip on your nose and go back to
repeat the phrase imitating him
I don't know if you remember that the first
the first argument you have with
she that the day you entered her
directly she already reproached you that she did not
had surgery or went on vacation
Do you remember I said it in that sense because of the
economic thing but I always had it in
mind she is not in favor of the
cosmetic surgeries, damn it
we do and neither do we do vacations
is in favor of nothing you do
In fact I was not in favor of you
your community would tell him Hey look what
prettiest jacket give me membership for
I can buy it but it is in favor
that his people pay him a
computer or a fan for the child
Well in that case he didn't throw his own people.
His second live show was your people, right?
now that you've said it
Let's see what I'm going to get
teach us to see what is going to happen to us
show it to be bought
jacket Oh my God, but it's true
the thing about
Lorena, what need?
Look at it, but it will graduate you
now
Look, they gave it to me for me
birthday I can't say who one
person I love very much and has been
gifted and look I can't say who
because maybe he doesn't want me to say it
but well, look, ira ira posing and everything
posing everything is pretty eh It's pretty
she's pretty of course she's pretty of course
pretty girl listen to me
and apart from that, who has to shave for
to put on
Botox Well I don't know my sister like him
another day you shave is that it is
pending everything that he realized
that I didn't get to the moment, Javi isn't here
pending on each of T In fact it is
here now in fact she is here now
Okay, say hello, Peppa, my love. Don't worry.
miss details leave him one of my
first seats that Peppa has to
be taking notes perfectly to
tomorrow the day after the other and in a month
react Javi is continuous is all the
days of his activity as a youtuber was going to
tell about his life but it seems not my
life I have many things
a birthday party where the
Balloon theme
were given that I had won, don't say no
who then added another clip that I do have
I'll look for it for you where it says that the
son when he arrived he said
Elena no
obsession that's called obsession Javi you and
I am going to be celebrating a
birthday you and I are going to be
celebrating a birthday and is going to arrive
Ortega saying something about Peppa or the
lor
laa we are going to be like this
you're good Well it turns out that here it puts me
salom a tweet in which he compares One day
with another day this because the other day
I commented on this c in which he messed with my
woman who I believe is worthy of less
of exposing these things not that I
I suffer. So I suddenly have a
lady who has her channel and everything that
earn on YouTube be it a lot be it little everything
It is based on me insulting my physique
my operations and now my wife too
Me as a father, my wife too, yes
My wife has gotten a breast and all the
That roll is fine. Well, I can't.
comment on that clip that seems pure to me
harassment seems to me a clip of purest
harassment and no one is going to get me out of there
Okay, well, it turns out that why comment?
Elena why Comment s This looks like
This starts this is the clip where
He starts messing with my wife, okay?
straight where he messes with my wife
Look how he starts it, eh, it's been a day or so
no more Ah, it's just been a day
They set us up, we're going to start off slow with him.
eh then we're going to give it a little bit of
more p p p pom p p p p p yes we are going to
give because if not this boy would not
Pili finds out
bl I don't even usually find out about things
What does this woman say about me, eh, or whatever?
sal loo was there was in everything with
all the power of the days that touch
Today I'm going to get tough because two days ago
I'm going to give it to you, I'm going to raise the level
I'm going to give it to you if I raise the level that is
He messed with my wife and her tits.
put it on because let's see what happens if
I victimize myself a lot, my people are going to me
Say Oh Peppa, for God's sake, don't talk.
from him not to leave you alone that no
you talk about her sue Peppa but you
don't talk about him Then I have to
make myself The warrior and the victim to go
gaining you know the public's favor
ok and there are the others, well yes
One day it gets like this, we'll give it to him and
The next day you say that you won't let me.
leaves me I don't know what to do for me
Make it clear yes Peppa yes yes we are going to go
leveling up We're giving it pom pom
pom We'll be giving it to you
Hey Black, look Black, don't go.
black black do F says I don't know how to talk about
no one who is not from Jai who does one day
Look look Black Look look he has me
mentioned me has already mentioned me I have
Look, look, they are telling him his own
chat but why do you have such a thick skin, aunt?
I was reacting to the clip where you
you're probably talking about him, right?
Look, look, what he mentioned to me, can I?
I can I can a week is that I know that
Come on, Peppa. Look, let's do one.
thing when you're doing a live show
about any other topic and come Javi you
put here to talk about you then you
You might say, "He doesn't leave me alone, man."
but that's how you react, I'm afraid
talking about cryptocurrencies from Dallas
the things I'm talking about at the salsería
You don't care about Trium things
with is not the same
situation is that anything that touches
You criticize him, he's not talking.
of you he answers you not you
you understand the
difference I don't my career is not going to end
base on two hours each day
This lady felt with me what I
whole of some like the Twitter of
salom some things I know my career
I don't know how to answer this lady who is
Random that nobody knows her and that she is
obsessed with me and it's every day
or Imagine that I suddenly stop
do everything I do to get myself to
answer a lady who is obsessed
with me because look he couldn't collaborate
Here for good pu Well nothing Well
by the bad to live off you by the bad
or for good You're going to have to
excuse me for a moment, I'm
taking a pee real people
Forgive me, I'm getting p. Come on, come on.
give it to him while people are giving it to him
like exactly please come no
late today we have here today as we have
Here is the marathon. Well, it is allowed.
Hey, what do you think? Beautiful, huh?
I told you at the time that she was pretty
I'm going to take it off because obviously
Can you give me a liposuction? I was going to say
an installation that is not that but it is beautiful, eh?
very cool, a kiss to whoever gave it to me
gifted, it's worth very cool, very cool
It's really very pretty, really very
pretty You have me very bad you have me very
spoiled eh You have me very upset
spoiled the one who forgot for 7 months
to donate the 240 Yes well it's also going
to talk about that now is also okay
to talk about that now but notice no O
be eh Hello H Hello or so until when
we are in a we are entering
September
2024 and it continues and there is no way that
Hey, don't you think he's coming now?
You've started on YouTube You've already
taken the start on YouTube you don't
it seems that
you know, I say, eh, I mean, maybe
The best is already, maybe it's already fine, huh?
Hey, I'm not very exaggerated, eh? And yet
It may be a little longer but I think
that is already more or less
Well, I think I would be more or less there.
good
Hey, I'll be back tomorrow, don't worry.
I have to go to the bathroom, I'm going too
take advantage also if the sand returns
Tell him that I'll be back soon, okay if he comes back
the alena say tell him that Aha I come to you
I'm going to leave with the pppa look
H
Hey hey, but it must have happened to Elena.
something along the way too pissy no
Hey, but I've had time, eh? Me
I have had time for myself and
come back you have given me time to me and
Hey hey but what madness about the
Main channel that I just uploaded a
video and has 50,000 views already
video of what we are doing
Speaking, I will now be a YouTuber
top you didn't wash your hands Javi Bueno
Well
wait well it doesn't matter I don't wash them
is blowing his nose Hey you know that
You know I bled last night
I had a nosebleed, I have to talk to
The doctor uncle is giving me many things
things lately nosebleeds
I understand that it will be related
evidently with the operation but
[ __ ] it's been a month now it's been a
month
not now but the video that has
50,000 views is a video I just made
upload which is a summary with your yupa that
It's very good, it's also very cool
also but but it is a summary of why
I left that to the editor to make a video.
so that I had a video that
take out the channel
main son Javi having left position
Something better Raquel my weapon is what it is
Can you? Hey, I'm seeing that they are missing
likes eh I'm seeing that likes are missing
I'm seeing that there are missing members. I
I'm wrecking here for nothing, eh?
I'm tearing myself apart here for nothing
eh videos like Frank and Yuji are
Awesome yes Those are the videos that
I want to make the channel
main that type of videos
much that are the videos that I think that
They have no expiration date and are always good
they go there
and they always go there having visitors, that is
These are videos that will never die.
You understand, I get 17,000 of course.
Marina but it takes a long time to update
But I can tell you the ones they have
real has real 50,000 let's go
There are a hundred or so missing to have 50,000
so that the devil doesn't laugh at her
lie what happens is that always
They appear less Clear to you it appears
right now 17 But if you realize the
likes it has and the comments it has
they don't match and it's because in reality
have
50,000 50,000 views of live streams
The last of the main channel have also
It went very well, they have 112,000 visits.
last thing I did with tuyupa
35000 the one I did with Joaquín Campo and the
that I did with trium last has 108000 O
whether we are well or not well
thing I can't go again I can't
go again calmly no wait
Sorry, I'm here. Can you hear me?
no Who you are who you are says who you are
Oh my God you were here Ah artita me
You have Oliveira, how annoying you are to me.
but listen to me, I have loved you for a longer time.
dinner is dinner and everything that is not that I
entertaining my mother man listen to me
let's start over so that this
be another extract for Lili Ah well
Wait a moment, I'm coming.
has stress it
Hey, you've got me stressed, Javier, no, no.
no, it can't be like that, it's not going to me ...
It's better to be your friend Javi, the truth is you
I am sincerely telling you many
brings you many troubles
It really doesn't suit me because in the end
They are all troubles for me. How are you?
The headline says you are not profitable.
It is not profitable Look over there It is that
I'm telling people Look over there
They have given us five members Many
Thank you, beautiful Elena, I am
telling people that it's good that I
I know it's my fault because I've had
the channel a little abandoned but that
we have 711 members which is Hey that
I have more people you have more No no
I have more but okay but don't you
miss him, hey, 700 is very little for him
King of gossip, eh, 700 members, eh, I have
What to see then the kids How is it
Let's see if I haven't lost many of these.
days but here man here they have
lost we have dropped from 1000 to 700
members Eh yes Dr today the channel in the
main channel at 4:30 in the morning
approximately Daniel's live
Sancho at 4:30, let's see, I'll have to go
for a coffee oo eh you're crazy Javi
I also tell you, eh, things are not known
They give this away, many people don't understand it
Many people believe that here there is no
You just knew, but then I said
How do you get up at 3 in the afternoon? Ah
you've gone on vacation again
How the hell do you think I'm fed up?
It's that I'm saturated, it's that I'm more
overwhelmed that that
Normally what will become of that you give
back to knowing something doesn't do does not do
many years I don't know if two or three years
Something someone sent me something on Facebook
I don't know if he was in, let's go, I know.
I think so. I don't remember what it is.
It was something from Facebook they sent me but no
I know what a character of the years is
If you go to sleep now you can catch
Four hours no Beatriz I've already done it
in the afternoon or rather in the evening I
I went to bed and woke up around 8
when you when you were starting the
fair debate I was just waking up
Well it was 88:30 like this and I couldn't do it anymore.
sleep more, the truth is I wasn't sleepy anymore
There is no debate either, he says, "Well, it's 5 minutes."
who came up to yell at you and in plain sight
exactly to get up and yell at me
point out a crime and insult me ​​Javi I
I don't know how to become a member, I have to learn
Well, look, you just have to take it.
valid for anyone who wants to become a member
I'm seeing that there are people around here
cheating is not being renewed
Hey, this person has been here for 30 months.
with me look francer man Fran months
30 months ago I fell for the m but 30 months ago
that I'm on YouTube
Hey, look at Karime, Karime, look at me, no
Karime and I are more born to war than
I have with Karime who can't
write in my chat and I have looked and re
I've looked at you and you're not there
blocked that is not that is not blocked
Karim You know what I have
thought Look how funny you are Well
Of course I know, listen to me. The other day you
You thought you didn't have internet at home and
have you seen unplugged I don't know what you don't
do it you know how it would be logical
that I didn't know no no but I've thought
Karim is blocking you and then blocking her again.
unlock to see if it is
Deactivate why it is going to be Deactivated
because grandma is going to block or she has
blocked something new try that thing that is
that you have not entered the list where
It is the fact that it blocks it and
How are you going to unlock it again if not?
You know how to unlock it now you're going to unlock it
block by
You're going to put two there, hey, it's agreed
the other day with Lorena talking on the
I'm on my way to the hotel on Monday.
the previous birthday Yes I have missed
less me in this to our Navy than the
previous birthday was with Marina
We were here with Marina celebrating it and
and Marina brought me Paulo's audio
Echevarría we return heard by
true I don't know if we have it at hand but Y
then put the audio of how he invites you
David Sumer to the concert go Hey then
He hasn't told me anything again, he said.
the daughter that day but she hasn't come back to me
to say to say nothing no I don't know if it is
You will have forgotten, I am not going to write it.
like remind me that I have to go
You know, write to him and tell him that I want
go too but how am I going to write to him
to tell him Hey you invited me to a
concert Look at Joe Hunter what art and what
power Hey hey but what power Joe Hey
what power we could recover today
even if they were the 1000 members who
200 are missing and 200 not 300 would be missing let's see
how could I find the audio
I'm surprised you don't have it
fixed to see some bad ones sure that tesa
They have their conversation with me I don't know
If you go over here, Ah, well that's clear and
You don't have the conversation. Oh well.
is that it does not remain as a link or
nothing It's not that my cell phone is a
madness And it is a mistake to have It is that only
I have a phone dad you know and this is
crazy Look, I realized that Marina
He had sent me an audio yesterday and I realized
He said he had an audio recording of Marina without
hear it for me
birthday I had sent the poor girl and I
I hadn't heard it but my good
She's not the only friend you haven't
answered because I sent you an audio
for
congratulate you
wanting the same thing
fendo told me the same thing Say it
my but I answer to answer I don't know what
Something like that made me feel and I say, I'm normal.
talking all [ __ ] day or so if it is
that and there he took the t and ignored me you see
The next time I talk to myself,
You'll see alone No no I have decided not to go
to the Basque country for the same reason our
Marina eh our Marina eh And Karime
Karime, Karime says to a
Me neither Javi Bueno now he doesn't
I speak to no one now I am all the
[ __ ] day hook up phone turns out that
Nobody talks to Jai and mine when he does
will listen Save it for
Christmas I have hearing If you listen, please.
Well, okay, but you don't have me here all the time.
the [ __ ] day I put on what I have there
that putting it here is easier than ever
before total here on Big Brother East
Listen to me tremendous eh let's go let's go
start with this part of what
We were watching Elena and so we have
another clip is worth it, I say, let the night spread
I don't think the night will spread. I think that
It would be nice at least if we arrived
At 1000 members I don't think it would be
What is fair is what is fair today we have
a curious marathon eh today we have one
sea
you're working hard you're working hard
working Yes, well, let's see, it's just started
The night stays here until 7
in the morning, eh, I mean, I'm going from here, right now
It's 12:30 eh There's less left there's less left
less but it's good that whoever wants
give away members Well that would be nice
at least recover the 1000 but already
It's not a shame, it's like it's not for nothing
of [ __ ] I don't telesauce what what has
been the Ah perce a channel with 1000
members eh that has at least 1000
300 missing, okay, that wouldn't be bad. Good.
It turns out that I found this myself.
in Salomé's account, you know that
I try to ignore why but not why anymore
nothing but because I can't be
answering everything that is said about me in
every day on all channels O
be that many times I look for my name
see if anyone has told me anything about me and
I put it on YouTube and it comes up And it's like
[ __ ] Thank goodness I'm a piece of [ __ ] if you
you think about it you compare with gref with
These are supergres I say come on yes
someday I'll have more followers, I don't know
the truth But well but well in this
occasion that I saw this clip of this lady
because man gave me the impression
that maybe I'm wrong about some of my things
that messing with my wife was the same thing
go a little bit over the top, you know, that is
I understand that the level is rising for
to try to connect it Yes but
Messing with Lorena already seemed a bit
like I was in bad shape, you know what?
Lorena has surgery or she doesn't have surgery and then
I wanted to tell you a little about how that begins
direct that day and the intentions that
she had And then the drama that has happened
assembled the next day apparently
Because I do follow my Salome
This way is fine And yes I have seen This yes
This one just one day ago, no, Ah, what's he doing?
one day nothing
further
notice
Look, we're going to start off slow with him.
eh then we're going to give it a little bit of
more p p p here she is already telling you
that you are raising the level
direct okay with the insults p pam pam
pam yes we are going to give it to him because it is that yes
This boy doesn't understand Pili bl Bueno
I don't understand what this person says
lady almost never or rather I don't have
two hours a day that he dedicates to me every day
This lady for me to see her or rather
I don't have them. Even if I wanted to. Look.
Many times you send me, hey, they said
this in a live from you this that and
Me for example right now
mainly I know about all this m
that it has been a bit intermittent to go
to Thailand to go with my wife and I don't know
I don't know how much I also have a father
and a mother who I have to take care of
also and see them no I mean eh I don't have or
be I am focused right now on what
from Fran who seems to me to be the most
important right now than we are
playing and tonight on the night of the
You have to be informed about Daniel Sancho
you have to read the document, you have to know
do what I do, that is, that video of
yesterday that video from yesterday does not come out of the
You know it was seen yesterday yes it is true that
I have Editors and such but that video
It doesn't come out of nowhere, eh, that video has
there behind hours and hours and hours and hours
eh for 40 minutes then you guys
You see, but of course this lady understands that
has a conflict with me that seems to be
I am part of this conflict, I believe
Yes, I think he thinks you are in
the same line you believe And she what she doesn't
He realizes It's because yes because I
I've heard her say it on occasion
say you don't talk about other people if
your channels are clear That's the key
others in plural if you were talking about others
youtubers nobody would tell you
nothing but your channel is dedicated
To Javi Oliveira, my daughter, I say, hey, look.
main channel okay main channel
It has all these themes, okay. These
They are videos okay this is all videos
These themes are worth it, that is to say, look at the one of
things that exist and things that are discussed
Sorry Sorry Javi what Karime says that
will put the link to yesterday's video
Of course not, I don't put it there.
Oh sure, I don't know if YouTube might
remove it because I don't know if it lets you put
link sometimes but of course man pu
Let's go H here This is the video eh this is
to which Karime refers that the truth
This has WhatsApp this video This
video has had WhatsApp and already with the
Editors, I won't even tell you there have been two
Editors working on the video are mu
The video was very good, we tried to
was the best possible and if you
we would have dedicated one more day
we fixed the subtitle issue
but that had to be dedicated to him already
much more than that was already you know crazy
They were wrong this time.
subtitles there are many people who have
complained But well But what is it that you
I say Elena Well look there are videos that
better have more views and videos than
less Look this one has 200,000 when
I go to the sanctuary, it has 11.
has 13 this one has 33 this one has 143
which was a very famous case in Argentina
okay or whatever but I try to have a
little variety of themes, not the topic
This one seemed to me to be very
Interesting, good, this is what Carla does.
Panini that is also very powerful, the truth is
that this has surprised me that he has
tanoca visit because it was a very topic
viral this topic not then also the topic
This is from Ángel Aguilar This is a topic
that I found very interesting. Hey
look, one has 00000 visits, another has
227000 man it will be possible to say if
or your content is not worth it as a YouTuber
but accuse you of having no content
and that you don't work on it is absurd is that
There are topics that I leave behind because I don't
Of course there are topics that I don't have any topics to discuss.
I leave myself behind because I don't have time to
Trying them all is fine, but I try harder.
or at least keep my people well informed
well dispatched Look, you know, I mean, everything
of everything not a thing dedicated to a
person do you understand me or rather I think that
There are many topics and what and what of
That's the fact, I'm missing hours to
try everything but this person has
decided that his work on the internet
It has to be at my expense but for the
good or bad, tried by
he has not been able to do it the good way
be worth it has been told no by the
bad and then she gets up all
the days and what is there today that
be related to Javi Hey that a
YouTube channel with 500 followers has
made a video so let's see that one
video from a YouTube channel that has
500 followers of course This is for me and I
I'm not getting off there. I'm sorry but it's
Harassment Why is it harassment because you speak?
about me No I can have a channel speak
Every day of Michael Jackson we have
been talking all season
days of Antonio David and Rocío Carrasco
But man, I'm not posting Rocío's photo.
Carrasco I'm raising the level, I'm going to
give the breasts like this the tummy has
shaved because I don't know what was cut
the hair for I think eh I don't do a
birthday and I put pink balloons
Carrasco, eh, let's go, that must have been my tone.
that it won't have bothered him so much
own protagonist that when I
I found her. Thank you very much Ema.
Nuemi, I wasn't telling you anything.
a scoundrel who when I met
with Roso Carrasco on the street he told me
Look who it is and he gave me an exclusive and
even though this lady has been there since she was
opened the channel every day you have
named at the beginning was for good worth
you were the best, the hardest worker, the
that no one like you did Ray because you
You were a super generous person and you didn't
It was important to help others and that's what she
I wasn't going to take it out of my mouth and that's what
I was going to recognize that it was his
teacher his mentor until he is already the
Master mentor now I get into the
Lorena's tits are like that, man, it's true, right?
I remembered those cli we only have
fate treaty you I didn't remember it's true
We have a clip of her first.
months clear as he was earning the
my audience she was that Javi was
his mentor that how stupid Javi was that he
Ray did and promoted it to everyone
that there wasn't that, not just anyone can do it
That's what anyone does, like
He has been told no, not here.
Nothing. Well, it was the worst and it was what it is.
What do I tell you? You can at any given moment
being upset with someone and you have
your right to fight with me I say
Elena or that I don't like you anymore and you
I say, well, look at Elena, this ...
another I say it okay But when it
you say and you vent you have already said it to the
The next day I don't open again with Elena
and again the next day felt
Of course it can't be, it wouldn't make sense
But come on, no, but this is not my clothes and
my everything everything me for me is not the first
person with whom you argue in
internet not even close but I
people who have been left with you
I know few of its contents
only you the most complete chic content
normal there are some Eh there are some there are
some that seem I think this is it
the one that most eh I think this is the one
but there are some who do believe that it is true that
They are based but try to mess with them
exactly is compatible with Dallas
whether you like it or not, well, you
you relate more to Dallas than
you being precisely the target
main no but it is that this lady you
you are their main objective is that this
lady asked those of that connection
that they were going to collaborate with her
after the live where you are
saying the biggest thing let's see c No
you had me Yes now you have it now you have it
I say what I have here this afternoon that you
You put me, I haven't passed you anything
but I have not sent you anything.
sent nothing to see I had a debate
super important Javi I don't have time
for everything is that you will be a
influencer here has been the cousin has me
that I have sent the clips to your secretary
I did one thing and now they're going to catch me
He's going to tell me, Oh, the dog from Dallas doesn't
I know how much But I told my wife yesterday
I told him You see this you know all the
channels that there are that I am that I am not
I am right now what I have uploaded
four videos from the mobile and about
Fran and about this So it's not either
the big thing to more or less please
because I wanted to express myself and I
These videos with the mobile when
I'm out there, I like them a lot because it's
as I do not know spontaneous natural gives a
touch I like to have from time to time
some like that you know but what what what
that I told Lorina Imagine it is
Imagine being the Dallas host. I mean.
you're on your own and you have here
a person dedicating his life and
Get up. Well, what do I say today about this, you know?
Yes, yes, there is nothing, well, I'm going to
rescue I don't know what he said about Twitter
Twitter accounts I don't know how many channels
from Youtube from Twitch from all the
platforms talking about you daily AND
that it is only your theme that there is nothing
more than there is nothing else damn Well look
What's up, eh, there's more. What happens is that
you have to have courage
when you form an audience
Because I'm telling you because it happens to me
Okay, it happens to me, it knows you.
people for a certain content Then
you stop making that content and you go to
talk about other controversies and the audience
But you have to have courage
enough to say well I trust
I myself believe that I can do it and I
I'm not going to fool you at 10 or 20
come see me, I'm not going to take it
hair talking about the same thing every day
Because it's a joke, let me
to tell you that talking to your
hearing the same thing every day is
a joke from the audience itself
He tells the other one many times
I was messing with Lorena, eh, that I
I put it in but it was no longer when it was
messing with Lorena I think was the day
next and I also told her Lorena Mira
You see that comment they just posted
They put the chat there is not a day that does not
you have spoken about this gentleman That was the
commentary gave Mira Lorena Mira the
comment and makes the comment pom no
gave time What about but the own
I listen to these channels that are
I can only dedicate myself to one person
understand that you have antipathy for
someone doesn't and you have to expose it
Hey, it's a topic that you can imagine right now.
Now is not the time for this
topic no but when it is year after year after year
year week week week days days hours
H any video you know and the own
audience is not very healthy, no, I mean
because I, for example, would not put myself here
Oh, please say something about Dallas.
that they say something nice that they say something about
of this Tell me what entertainment It is
What entertainment can that be?
every day they tell you again
same Javi that I have seen as
Good to start with, there is no topic.
because absolutely nothing has happened and
He's done a live show again and everything.
It started with money, but that's what I'm telling you.
talking about June 2024 talking about another
time of Loli when she came here to your
channel and you got angry because it turns out
that according to her you needed Loli
with its
donations and make yourself another one
compilation from a while ago
mother year
Hey Black, look Black, don't go.
black black do F says you must not talk
from no one but Javi I don't know that
a day ago Look look Black look look
This is someone who has told him Okay
and he says look look, one day he told me
mentioned Javi that I already have here you don't
This seems sad and depressing, it doesn't give you any
shame I mean, don't you think they are
claiming and you say look look look
look look he mentioned me
Javi but no no he is not capable of doing a
I'm telling you with the amount of topics that
There are Javi, some more interesting, others
less but don't tell me it's because of a lack
of topic because it is not
truth is not true but it is as if it is not true
I know look I can rap you know how look look
that he mentioned to me Oh what the [ __ ] did he mention to me
Well, you, within the live that you are
commenting on all the topics that
you are commenting on the live Hey by
It's true that look at what Javi put in his
Twitter and you answer for a day one day
If she Of course if she deems it appropriate
Well look, today I'm going to dedicate myself to
answer Javi but the rest of the day
Well, you're making your content so
It's normal that I'm not making content
referring specifically to bringing
no kind of news that if she
I want to talk to my audience about what
What each of you has done during the day there
with your content if your audience likes it
It seems entertaining. Why not? Thanks.
guys to all of you who are giving gifts
My Thank you very much eh thank you let's see if
We may reach 1000
I agree with a comment from the
chat also truth does not know how to comment
because she herself is not interested, she is not interested
she is interested
has your idea stuck in his head
head and needs to return every day
the same thing over and over again
the same thing over and over again, always the same
topics because they are the same because not
there is an interaction of saying you have
something new happened from the controversy between
You do not always have the same thing.
has understood that I am the most
YouTube maybe she understood it
As if Well, not even the IB is
Javi is the one who is the center every time
channels have to talk about Javi
So Tom will say no tomorrow.
Do you think you are no longer the king?
that you also are things that say that to
see that they are entities that are not on the decline
Pepa doesn't have numbers, so you
when you're facing that guy
Roberto, damn it, don't see.
miño thanks Roberto when you are
facing a chat and a youtuber who
does not correct because in the chat I
They're not going to put me in today, but what do I know?
Johan Plana has no subscribers No no
It is true that the channel will be inactive but
He had many subscribers when
was active I had many
subscribers you cannot agree with
every single thing they tell you in the chat and
to form a broth from that which a
something that I didn't realize but I don't know
that checking lately once I saw your
channel and I didn't know it but he has been
uploading video and has visitors eh or so
I don't know if it was a year or two years ago but
We have recently been having after the
juiz and aan plana Joan plana followed him
I very very very much Before
when I started the thing about Spain from the bar
I was still flat, that is, it's as if I
I allow it in my chat because now
It turns out that I have argued with him about
whatever it is I allow them to say
who has never been anyone on YouTube No no
It's true. Hey, that's a lie, well, maybe
She Of course she is also with you
saying the chat or you yourself are
wanting to sell the image that Javi
He doesn't have a number, it's really that big.
ridiculous is so so ridiculous that you say
that a person who uploads a video and
triumphs
Roberto Roberto wants a kiss or something
Roberto son we do something Roberto a
kiss handsome Many
thank goodness it's for sale
sells part of bases like that and can't
do without me and have to make content
about me that then there is a phrase that to me
I find it very funny that they themselves
They say He has to talk about you, he doesn't have to
daughter content because if that were so
I myself wouldn't say it, I prefer a
youtuber s His top-notch content
say look I have nothing to talk about
I had talked about Peppa but she
She says it herself, you know what I'm telling you.
says the same thing per son Let's see Look at it
I'm going to put love son don't go look
I'm going to give you a zcan in the face. Ah
a zasca all over my face I have Gan today
a slap in the face a slap all over the
face It's that I mentioned it the day before
for a moment because he had messed with me
woman was not no no this This is the
He directly messes with my wife.
I had mentioned before what it is that
I had mentioned before, wait, Amlo
that it was that I don't remember I don't know my
Lama is true Because I what about my wife
I was already on a trip. I had my wife's thing
not what was commented on YouTube, I'm talking about mine
woman I put it in a tweet I commented on
YouTube the other of the
Salseria I don't remember what it was. Well, I
I'm going to remember it. Look here now.
dear or
Dear, let's see, don't go there, okay?
handsome or pretty look there is Jai oliveira
you don't know him you don't know him not today
Let's get to know you a little more. I'm going to tell you
to put little things Ah look and see what it is
what I commented, damn it or what are we
reacting to Tania
I'm not reacting to Tania but no
No, but I said something about Peppa but I don't
I agree, I'm telling you why it was very strange, huh?
that I comment something about Peppa already
You know it's weird, wait what else?
Pathetic Karime tells me that I did comment
I did mention Lorena's thing here.
here on YouTube but of course this is the one
directly that messes with Lorena no
wait for it
He has no idea about anything.
How pathetic, huh? What else?
pathetic oh what a pathetic thing for what
she says that she is that really many
Sometimes I tell her Peppa you play you play with
that we do not answer you that I do not
You answer Yes, pppa, you are here to get involved
with someone's tone of voice Pepa you are
You, to mess with the forms, speak of
someone with that voice that you bring me
Peppa Although Elena had it Although
had a beautiful voice, look what you don't
Javi but it's just that he doesn't like it
We answer that he messes with my hair that
he messes with my physique that he messes with
Gasne who messes with you, Peppa, aunt.
Look Elena, I often have been in the
The past is worth my little fault
I don't know whether to call it a lack of culture or
lack of experience in the medium or
that I have been very rude for a long time
better 7 8 years you can find yourself
my count telling a fat one no
you see your dick you know and I at the time
I thought look, thanks, you know, but
I see myself now and I say, wow, what's that?
shame that that seems to you that that in
public, well, you can think about it what
This person is [ __ ] ugly, damn how ugly
What a face Deco has, what a nose but
Saying it in public is not elegant, it is not
a
argument if you take a little step back
In the clip you will see how he fixes his gaze on
the chat because what you are looking for is the
easy applause Look at their but looking
the look in the chat always Also I
many times when I have seen clip of
she acts like ajin is sad ain
bitter angry Because look Javi doesn't me
gives what I want and and and it's like
angry Hey but Listen to me I don't know if
I'm going to be here until 7 in the morning, eh?
I say what Roberto says, eh, handsome Roberto
You command, Roberto, you command, you command
you command the Roberto tería the Roberto tería
the Rober teria but man that's his thing
It would be that it did not give the 300 members only
eh I also tell you eh Elena to lev the
only and little variety of fish
varied come
eh Well, this happens every day
next okay Here she is watching it
that I'm reacting But I want
know why I reacted about
she, that is, if what she says is true
Karime this is what I am
suffering because of Peppa Beltrán yes
It is true that this was the salsa bar
because it seemed to me that it was for
comment on it But what did I say?
Why did I comment on her if I commented on her?
I don't usually comment Karime
I didn't see that, I haven't seen that.
She's already starting to mess with Lorena what
That's what I was saying
remind me
Please, what did I say, something else?
that I found her saying to me
Sure, if not, it's very strange for me.
Surely, of course, Lone, you don't know.
long long
Wolf what was this this not this but this
what is it Hey
Lorena's thing, yeah, because you had to help.
to get dressed is how angry because
have closed the
It was something that went because they were
posting on Twitter that they had closed it
goes or something
So Something goes But that's it, that's all
I'm going to comment, Lili was something more or
The best thing in passing was the click of
yes it is closed the va no something
not like that because apparently they are
saying Twitter quear vi I can't you
help because I didn't see it. Look Rober.
Thank you very much Roberto. Really a kiss.
Uncle, thank you very much. Oh, you. Well, then.
This is already the next day, okay later
I'm going to level up every time I go.
hit hard Today I feel like hitting hard
strong Lorena's tits this that
Well the next day this was the tone
She's in love with you Javi But well I
It's not my fault, wait, wait, that's it
has given another five a kiss xa
beautiful, a kiss, a kiss, my love
opinions and the things that people do
people So what am I telling you?
To put this into context, this is
a 70 year old lady and it's not because I
have a problem with 70-year-old people
Now they take it out of context and
They say, oh, you're messing with age.
I don't bother with people's age.
My Lordship's majority is worth the highest
percentage I don't know if I have taught it in
screen is sometimes worth the most
percentage of the public of the gentlemen
is 65 don't bleach you ahe don't bleach you
white people now you don't stop repeating that
I am 70 years old
why is it clear an invention Hey
Hey, but Roberto is already giving me a hard time.
Elena can't be Roberto How many
memberships that Churri carries don't come out for me
you count but it comes out to almost 200 But you have
to update but if it has not given the
300 already by himself. Thanks a lot, man.
Thank you so much uncle.
Thanks Oy and the people at John H too
Of course, a lot of fabric, not a kiss, man.
Thank you very much, I don't know who it is.
Roberto Saavedra I have not seen him I do not
It sounds like a lot, well, it's happening now.
being one of our best friends Javi
Hello Roberto, to the death to the death with
Roberto, you mentioned the bar in passing.
but she held on to that to get going
as he put it in that live saying that
you had talked about his son's business if
I have to talk about things
relatives that she talks about
It's not me that this is tremendous
that the age thing is good that he is 65-70
For me it's like if I say I'm 40
that I mention many times that I have
40 I'm not 40 I'm 39 and recently aunt
38 and recently I was 37 there with 37
I also said I'm 40 years old so you
you're telling me of course not. That is in
plan I am a person 30 years younger
that she is much older than my mother
I am much younger than his children and
I don't see it as appropriate. Well, this lady all the
days with this type of vocabulary against
What do you want me to tell you? I mean
Imagine it the other way around, Elena, imagine it, tell me.
to someone you can think of from 70
year of I know of any program like this
from a Jimmy Jiménez H Now chat by
example Okay, so imagine a Jimmy
Jiménez ARN messing with a chestnut
Alazne who is your age, imagine
Jimenez Now every day every day
days of your life 2 hours there in pajamas or
without a shirt or whatever Okay and everyone
the days there don't make my balls hot
I don't know which member is a [ __ ], [ __ ]
[ __ ] I don't know what the terms are
that she has with I don't know what, or you
imagine clearly and that's why I label no
on Twitter and such because it's like How
What happens because it is the other way around?
you are seeing this normal it is becoming
starting to normalize and I am one of those
who have the thickest skin on the
sense of enduring eh or rather I don't
I don't even respond to live broadcasts dedicated to me
whole nor to videos that are dedicated to me
while I can't not if you had
to answer if you had to
answer no more content no end that
I understand and pass and that's what's out there
You know, but I don't see this as normal.
I see it as normal and of course it is mentioned
that he is 70 years old. Of course, because that is why
He's still doing it to me. Maybe.
Hey, a 20-year-old boy, Agustín 51 or me?
I was doing what I know but I have
times that no that this yone is given
presupposes a maturity such as to leave
Thank you very much Roberto if you want that
let's change the subject, let's go up or down
the air conditioning at your temperature
Whatever you ask for, ask for it with that mouth.
Thank you for opening with some topic. Very much.
Thank you, listen to me
that when the age is said, I
less than I understand that I know you
and I know how you speak I understand that you are
talking about what is assumed to be a
maturity with his age to not be all
the day hooked on a kid who is
making YouTube content because
We had a dispute a year or so ago
year and a half Peppa that's what it is
assumes that you must be following
forward with your content with your
channel here pass and then Gloria friend
Never again in life probably not even
on your part nor on his but
kid all day hooked on him and me
I think the line is very clear you can't
tell Peppa that you can't answer her
say that you are answering because you
you are not making content in which
Javi gets involved
He is the one who answers you but he is
about this is about other things because
You already know that I am above all things
about this to Hey 20 users of Fernando
per Fernando now with 20 Fernando Pero
This is a pulse, a pulse, a handsome kiss
Thank you very much Fernando, very much.
Thanks, you want to send me something, let's go
put it
minute Ah okay he's sending me that
It is what it was. Oh, okay, Elena. I am.
hovering over it with the mouse
and it's a please host But this is
incredible, I mean this is incredible. Look
what I answered Or rather, trust yourself what
I was
commenting
Elena Look at what I was saying
so that she can dedicate herself to yelling at him
Lorena and and already have the whole afternoon against
me insulting Lorena and saying I'm going to
give Pin Pin I'm going to go up that Lorena
and that Lorena has warmed up to the papo to
see at what moment Lorena has been able to
heat papo to her okay Well look at it
to what Claro was responding
if I didn't remember chlorine if I didn't
I remembered okay this day I'll do this
Hey look what I'm putting up with
This woman is when she starts messing with
Lorena is worth what she is worth
He got involved with Lorena because of this guy
I gained weight because of Javi Oliveira this
I don't eat what Tania throws at me
blame for having gained weight is fine
reacting Tania Claro Look what
It happens with Peppa. Look, you're watching the
live look I'm playing it Look Peppa
that moment passes
It's not worth it, that's what Peppa comes out with.
finished the rest is already about other things in
Seriously no no look at it, damn Pepa, aunt is
These seconds from here that I would get the
They would send it to me and I would say yes.
Of course you work a lot so close goes and
from here she took out what has heated him
Papo and he feels entitled to get involved
with my
woman my goodness, I didn't remember how
that was passing by look look here here
I'm looking at Tania's thing, okay then.
look at minute three
Okay, that's exactly 20 seconds.
Elena takes out a 20-second shot
live dedicated to me in which he says I'm going
Lena is leveling up and looks at me
your wife gets breast and you
Voting for me is harassment and I say it and they say it
I say that wherever I say it,
They are not going to take me down there because it is
It's impossible for this not to be harassment
Roberto a kiss uncle a kiss Roberto no
you get angry with Fernando who did it
without wanting to, balls, a kiss and from here no
He'll get me out of here, he won't get me out and now we're going
to review the clicks and the level a bit
of words and and and the terms that
use me without more better do not you
white now and I go out in underwear and
I hint at you and make moves to
insinuate and so on, I have all that
I have saved eh Javi everything goes in one
pack in a pack of what milk
dan de danon Ah I said that she
It insinuates to me that I don't know that now it is
She with the thing of Oh is that she has said let's see
You are a person who is there all day long
hanging on Javi's arm you are
Peppa is lying down and feels like that.
It can be every day, every day
Good morning Peppa, it's not that I don't know anymore
gives
account does not realize It will have been a
It's not a joke that we said that
he likes wise that he doesn't that he doesn't
forget like that not even but it is that it is
an obsession and now she's with the no is
what you have said is that you have said that
I think she harasses you but of course
with that nature no, no, no, he is not bothering you
saying no and that it's not that you leave it
Don't worry, he doesn't want anything, I've got that.
seen here okay so she is
saying that I have put one on him
false report to the police Look
false report the police is worth it and what about me
I'm saying that he's harassing me in a way
sexual
Oh my God, I have truly lost my soul.
said that I have said that I am leaving now
I just said it was me but it was true
you need it you would need it
say that it is that way when we are
seeing how it behaves since it is
opened the channel you would have to say No
It is that in this way it is not necessary
Peppa, it is not necessary if I felt
I would have reported her but I didn't
I am referring to sexual harassment
sexual harassment which would be for example
Elena man a sexual thing because I
I imagine that
was
some hint of it continues
towards you not that I was always
trying
eh being with you like that I don't know I don't know
What happens is that it is true that
she has maybe Maybe when you
You criticize me for doing that too.
when we criticize these vulgar things about her
like when you started masturbating
Peppa lightsaber, how disgusting you are
speaking those vulgar comments
related member now we are going to
see related to my member with my
body when you look at it I see it beautiful
that I have you know but man I don't
I consider it to be sexual harassment.
I consider that harassment to be what I have said.
said and I'm not getting off there eh but just in case
Perhaps someone has misinterpreted it
I'll clarify it, okay. I'm not referring to
nothing sexual is what I'm telling you
when you told him off, damn, how disgusting Pepa
every day that if you are masturbating the
sword that if the symbol of the sign that
to make a jerk off if that kind of thing
things when you are telling him if he is
I say it or maybe it enters him for a
ear and comes out the other like everything else
I don't care what I say, but if you tell him
Oh, you're saying that I don't.
We are saying that it is very disgusting that
you're talking about us because you
we have to react to whatever it is and
You're making those kinds of gestures, Pepa.
but continuously a lot of clips don't
make me look for it because you have a lot
content but come on, if I force myself
I'm looking for them, I have no problem, no, we're not going today.
let's see a lot We have a lot here
and today we are going to see why, man, yes
makes comments that are really the case
What have I told you? Set an example.
Jiménez dressed up or put on a Kiko matamoro
so don't throw it to my wife or to Lorena or to
a cristinini or a rollit
youtuber of this, that is, put that on family
put it okay but I'm not
accusing of sexual harassment I clarify and
I apologize in case it is worth it to anyone
I understood it like that but it's not mine
The intention of harassment doesn't calm me down.
not even God that's what I'm repeating
first moment no to harassment is that uncle
every day Peppa every every day everything
the time all all uncle
Of course, let's see, I'll tell you now, but
This is being invented now because it is the
new to grasp I understand or has
something else happened I think so Look at this
What do I tell you, I think that
Yes, but it seems just as ridiculous to me.
maneuver because he won't stop talking
of you and it is a thing I would not have nor
to sustain it is absurd is absurd of
true, how easy it would have been
from the very beginning
moment because the offer was
very clear peepa how we have to do it
so that this stops you on your way I
for mine and you Of course you can
commenting on my content would have been necessary
super easy but commenting on the content is not
put your hand on your nose Alo put it on
hand in the maner and invite him as
speak or put a picture of your son
Javi with his torso
naked in fact in the last Direct in
That same direct what I say is I don't know
how to stop this I mean how to stop it if it is
that is asked not to stop, that is not that
Don't stop, the live show is about to start.
saying I'm going to raise the level
during the live and take the live by
20 seconds of clock that I have got a
cool or that I have spoken a cool thing about that
It seems to me that man after two years
Day after day no no, for 20 seconds
takes it and she considers that it gives her
right to mess with me
Woman Javi, you saw the discussion in I think
which was in the month of April May by
There the geeks start in December
baby all summer more than half a year
all summer all those months brought
day after day every single day
the fryers finished and it has continued
It's that your live today was about you
today clear and
yesterday Wait, I'll look, it's that already
Don't believe that I think yesterday's is the case.
I have yesterday's clipped here, I think.
I have it clipped here yes but today's
I already missed him and tomorrow will be
reacting to this live today and
past if he sees that you have nothing then he
gives a direct signal saying everything started
For the money, what am I telling you?
That live is from the month of June.
It's true that it is absurd because now
again uncle again of course it is that I already
I've said it many times, but I don't know how it is.
for how I do it what I do
because now there are two people
people I sued
they didn't catch it at the beginning of this year
still then I am the fool that I
My attorney comes and tells me they have one
demand they don't know how to notify you, I'll say
I take it because I have no problem, you know.
But I'm going to tell you and this would be it
This would be a person who doesn't
the demand
that Javi will get it, then he will get it.
or you will be notified by other means
If not, if she doesn't, she doesn't take it the same way she does.
possibility of all the videos
absolutely about my content is in
plan but I am very against it
That's it, but it doesn't stop, there's something.
What to do Of course something has to be done
that no no for asks Oy
For me, I am against strikes
But of course that is very personal for each person
one as one sees it and it doesn't make me either
He directly belittles me, humiliates me and
such
But well, and you didn't see, I made a video.
how clear it is that you are wasting time
watching my moderators' videos
Javi t alone of the moderators How to
the moderators of Peppa Pig fine thing you
You can't imagine how cool we get
to you and me but they are of one kind
straight four or five pages full of
insults not from Cállate oliveira that you
Say come and see, it's okay, no no
no no no no clown dala dog
condemned eh criminal everything that you
you can imagine if you see this
content Elena you can't be very well
but but but what am I telling you?
this channel would not be justified
strike is that it goes very against me
I prefer to use the law before you
you have never been a striker but
Of course never Maybe you've seen each other
a woman who does a daily live broadcast for you
But also
no no For a year what I see
It's me, no, I wouldn't want her to
lose his channel or his monetization or
nothing what is your Peppa Beltram channel
but girl talks about other things is that
He's already asking you, Hey, dedicate yourself to other things
clear things is that one is already in the
desperation of What do I do so that I don't
name If Peppa is silent Don't be
you're going to continue being a liar
talking because that's what you did before
that the frers were in fact the
frites They opened to answer
somehow Because they were lies
that you were climbing levels and going up
Your little friend Loli is worth both there.
super comfortable to put Javi and in this
case was lasne FJ I wasn't even there
still to put it back and a half and
There came a time when everything has a
limit and had to answer and now with
hands on head, shocked
because the geeks had been created
If you had been meeting with your friends for months
colleagues to criticize them for what you
You miss all this, you have followed it
You started it, you kept it, and you
You continue, it's not Pepa.
I'm not freaking out, the truth is, the complaint is going to happen.
There will be a complaint next week. Ah
I already have an appointment with your [ __ ] and such a complaint
There's going to be, I mean, I can't. Look.
The only good thing I can see is
who apparently says that he reported the
flight and no longer speaks of them
The only thing I can see is that I give you the
Congratulations son, I almost already know
I would scream for him to report me if you are going to
stop talking better
I'm not talking about the flight anymore. No, not about the flight anymore.
He doesn't speak because his lawyer has told him
that he does not speak has given him to the council of
that if he reports me to see if I
report m with a bit of luck Te
report clearly with a bit of luck
Complaint and now, everyone goes their separate ways.
We'll see each other in the game. And you too.
You make other content peepa I'm finally here
with yours Yes yes then in court already
We discuss what you are going to report Claro
but at least if this serves to
It's clear to you, put it there, go to the appointment
you have and and put it holding on that I'm going to
put to
See This is the extract that he takes for
the lollipop because it had been before in
kids talking about me
ah, you have to see that Ja has taken out a
extract
eh In which I'm watching how it gets in
with my wife no
He can't control himself now he's going after my wife, yes
Yes, I'm seeing that he's messing with my wife.
munci because he knows he has lost it
Of course Ah
Ah, I'm not going to report it because I have it.
lost because it is proportional to what I
I tell her what she tells me no
I don't think I think Ju condemns her
She is completely proportional
It's at the same level Yes yes I'm crazy
I promise
that it's going that it's going what's going to
do it is going to be done no
come
Look, come on Pepa, my son, let's have a rhythm, my sister.
this is this topic and I don't say it for nothing
make myself the victim neither for giving it to me nor
But I don't know how to solve this topic.
solve it the truth trust what
I'm saying in the click that says eh
a lawsuit is going to be filed now in
September is fine, it's not her, don't you
I'm going to say exactly what what
type ok
But I don't know how to solve this issue.
stop it for real, I mean, I don't know if
You will be able to tell me some solution
because I'm sure there's something here
lollipop content yes This goes for
the lollipop that by the way By
certain command also from
Here this extract goes to the
lollipop was in kids eh And what
[ __ ] you want her daig where is she
Maybe D is YouTube on his birthday, let's go
I have to be in a specific place
for
she what were you reacting today
pppa what were you reacting to today
wait It's not that I find it funny
dude, your channel is awesome
Peppa is that mand that has still done
a video in the main metio talk about it
has started talking about Dallas the D of
where he was sitting with Antonio
David Elas who was from Telesalseo for
criticize him Yes but not to name you
Come on Peppa, come on Peppa
in kids who are clear I have
much what you would like to have in
kids who
has Javier Olveira's sauce shop
subscribers Wait for me to do it in the
main thing that I can still
elp the main Remember that you have the
pending video of the
demti per esad the important issues
Forgive, forgive
333,000 people and then in the
pullet that
has the followers that I have well
Of course if you mess with i he will answer you
your channel But
Well that makes me laugh Javi Because that
It's one thing if you
You are Cruz video So to speak
way is worth the same as even if they are those
two clips with a big youtuber don't you
you can complain that it has repercussions
My gun or what do you think you have?
audience gives me a little account
to answer her but apart from that she
what he wants is to mess with a big one
Well, what he wanted was to collaborate.
that he has been told no when he is asked
has seen everything he has done with the
240 and the whole roll This Then she
What she wants is for the big one to be the one who
I mentioned it and answered it but it
G you answer me a little, good one that one
nonsense the ang said and totally
acid that I was saying let's go one
super logical thing mention me mention me
Answer me you know but of course you are the one
big but not bad that they leave me bad bad
bad that the image that she has created for herself
He won't take that one off. Not even God will take that one off.
she created it, not me. Of course.
I clarify in case it is not clear that it is not
I never meant sexual harassment.
It's okay to caress him, I don't ask.
sorry if anyone has taken for granted
understood with a sexual thing I ask
sorry I take it back no I don't take it back
because it is not worth it but it does suit me
take me where it takes me
It's harassment And we have what you're going to do to me
send and it's harassment perí Ah right now
I'm telling you but man but if it is that
That's the difference you say Hey yes
He understood like this. No, I don't believe you saying that.
just like before with Lorena's chest
Hey, and Peppa said this because she knew it.
privately or this was said and has been told to you
the chat no you didn't say it Here Ah well
It's here for Gloria, aunt, who doesn't
There is a problem. She doesn't change anything.
see would have if if it had been a thing
private that she makes public there
we would have a problem but if it is happening to me
people saying that you mentioned it
Nor does the fact that
You don't have to mess with my wife.
Of course not, but he already did it.
with Ortega you don't remember uncle telling him
silly don't you remember that she's going to
attack whatever you see that might hurt you and
she acts funny on live television and
when he sees that he screws up a lot and one of them
He answers then he plays the victim as he is
doing now today I'm going to report it
because he says carime But who has
I thought you were referring to sexual things
Okay, but just in case, I'll clarify it.
But let's go, people think about her what they think
she does based on her expressions
We are going to show you Elena's connection and you are here.
shown many but oh well
eh Let's see, they are from lies to
Look, go, look for a live show of his, I'll go to you
say the live and the minute
Okay, watch the live stream, it's called I don't give a damn
kimono of the rabble with that you already
will come out
man, a title like that is not going to
see and the minute is 2726
Val lentilla eh is very slow Because it
Loli reads a lot, says in her last
video that feels mistreated
verbally
and psychologically by
Alazne and Javi Oliveira in their last
penultimate live they give him the click and he
remains in
Loli is not the one you see as an abuser
psychologically abused me and
I also remembered deo and me too
I have felt many times that I am not
I knew how to start a live because I
I felt, I say, my God, of my soul how much
[ __ ], how much crap are they throwing away?
without doing absolutely nothing that I
I started on my channel with cachondo with
stories and yet nothing the po has not
done nothing to her saying that I
I never told her anything and she started to
mess with me or rather Wow this doesn't bother me
I remembered, eh, I mean, played, eh, you have it
complicated played man in case
Do you want to see, do you remember when he accused you?
from biogen Oh you have it written down Yes look
the live show is called apologizing
while being watched
in minutes
42 42
19 now they are intimate and I tell you one thing
thing Javier the Javi oliveira a
second refers to Jordi's close friends
Anel and Javi Oliveira who are now
intimate okay
Miino is the Dallas okay or so me with
Jordi, it's true that he spends them and
the whole thing we have a cordiality
but it will never be the same, right?
Well, maybe Jordi, one day you have
an opportunity you never know what you have
difficult Jordi Sorry if you solve it
sorry YouTube the channel
that's the one you put mentioning what
he said
as my lawyer tells me that by phone
The person who says it is as guilty as
the one who echoes him
violate this accusation this accusation
apart from being very serious, it is that it is
ridiculous from the Peppa base but this
This is what Javi has been putting up with Peppa.
but this really says because look
how they defend it well tomorrow you won't
You can imagine how she's going to make me feel
To me now, tomorrow, all insults to me.
and humiliations because I am your [ __ ]
because I am your servant because I
I whitewash because I don't need Peppa and
Of course, of course, I don't want you to
tell my friend in the month of what
date would this be I don't know biogen but you
your head is okay Pepa, it has
said in the other abuser and in this one
Biogen, that is, I emphasized it. Ah, he said it.
slug son of I don't know what abuser eh
manipulative extortionist has told you about
He has told you everything and he believes that
has a white channel where she is
feels there and does not say
nothing, let's see, I think they sent me
a WhatsApp so I can pass it to you but
I don't know what
Let's see what this is about
orus, wait a moment, tell me
those you have if not you in the meantime yes
wait for it
Hey, this woman who has played seriously
It's going to be so-so, eh? Oh, okay.
Wait, I'll pass it to you and you'll see it.
Maybe because I can't see it well on my phone
I don't see no
with 6500 views this eh And 700 likes
viogen What is it
that anyone who doesn't know who Javi is
oliveira what can happen Javi What is that
you need to be
saying about biogem
Hey, a person with whom you have not
never had a relationship Okay now what
I'll put this Marc Gui when we see the
Delena clips now I put this one too
Okay, okay, look, then we have it, eh?
Look, look how Peppa has gone.
driving and we have also seen it by
example with channels like gpa that
He simply invited him to collaborate with him
channel because they had a common enemy
He didn't invite him because he liked him.
boy nor because they had any kind of
connection because in fact dealing with topics
totally different Look, go to me
direct okay that is that it was there
I have my Peppa live easier there
Beltrán tells Javi Oliveira
This is daily, gentlemen, daily.
minute
1835 To demand less, sue the
others are going to
see it yes it should be should be the method that
has and from there these
days because this video was made before
then yesterday he made another one and
Of course, well, it's when I hit this
The husband was saying, And where will the
woman, I know, says Ana.
Maria I know I know it's very good Yes
yeah I know
Well, let's see if they want to see it.
come over here yes yes it must be Peppa
have you tried to contact
absolutely anyone who
have made a video against it that is not
I was understanding Wait wait Leave
Let it continue so you can see who you can be with
wanted to get in touch with Peppa what is
what had called Peppa the
attention of those youtubers to want
Collaborating with them lets a pass
a little bit of video so you can see this
It's daily, huh? Do you really think that?
a person who is fed up with Javi because
Please Javi leave me alone
Javi don't mention me anymore, he behaves like
You really behave, I love you
mouth of nothing This is what in that
directly being Javi's son okay No Ah
He didn't cry, he ate cookies or sticks.
of chocolate or whatever it is that
were
being there didn't give her any problems and she didn't
It gave him the feeling to cry, I don't know.
she felt bad okay And this is the
direct that they dedicate to it and to the people
that she wants to invite to her live show
clear with them to compadre with them
why doesn't your mouth smell like the [ __ ] of the
Dallas [ __ ], let him cover your mouth.
Dallas dick you're a [ __ ]
Support Dallas because you are
bleaching all the time kids
donations to keep messing with him
They're going to steal it from you, you're a friend, that's what
donations for ant I have to
They still didn't ask for a lawsuit in the end
Sorry, I got a clip of my husband.
They sent me something as if they were apologizing to me and that
They were going to make a video apologizing
and no, it hasn't arrived yet, I don't know if they will have it.
done but if they haven't done it now in
September everything is resumed, but
Trust me what she had seen, yes yes
is
decisions your channel And that of donations
to keep messing with him that's what
What does Peppa do? What happens is that she doesn't do it anymore?
asks But it is in his
business
[ __ ] all the
days
everyone what else everyone let's see what else
we have for
Here, well, listen to me. Go to one who
It's called we do it directly with
save me well in this I am not in the
qualification
Yes, well, of course.
eh Go on time
0259 Let's see if you believe that this is not
to denigrate someone
person 1 hour
0259 mik abri cut his channel that he had
open I don't know
why
Please, we are in trouble
Hey on YouTube we are looking for the
Javi's dignity please when the
find Contact us
us in 55
4455 in the ass of
please Javi's dignity
we need to find the dignity of
Javi where can we
I ask all listeners to find her
slum dwellers and in other channels that seek
Javi's dignity Hello hello hello I am
is listening we are from here from
the Airport of you sending this
full and complete message to see if
Someone finds Javi's dignity
Hello one hour
3303 24 hours The
condemned as you want to call him Javier
Oliveira the thug
The boss As the flight told him what
you want what you wanted was negotiating
to enter the
eh But that's what the studies do
I would enter as a one-day collaborator
not something of
that Oy Oy Oy that is going down too
the little pants and doing so looking
for
Cuenca Oh my God no no but I believe
that's not true
but it is that no No still has not put to
Nobody swims in all this was because
there was some kind of comment when
They started saying that we weren't even if we were
Would they call a YouTuber to collaborate? Yes
They wouldn't call them and she has to do
That comment, Peppa, really, daughter. Oh
oh oh oh let's see You tell me if that's not true
I denigrate a person but that's what it is
continuous That is, it is not saying that you are not that
I normally don't do those things
You see, it was his day, now tomorrow he will say
that it was humor and care for the crazy one
crazy says that because I made one
Joke is not a joke Peppa is
humiliate him and ridicule him with everything that
you think of his person as much
physical as well as intellectual as that of the
Two plus Two equals
two and 2 plus 2 equals 10500 all
days and dala dog has put it up to
in a title eh today we take the
dog I don't know what Javi or something like that, let's see
If Javi were to put you on today we would take out
walk the dog
Peppa today we took out
walk you have it you have it Wait for it
I'll look for it for you
Wait, give me a second, I'll do it for you.
search in a jiffy and tomorrow I'll
criticizes Peppa puts a wig on you or what
give me a live your son okay that I
It's exactly the same. It's that I have so many
things not this woman She is the one who says that
who wants to go to the game this afternoon
We took Dallas's dog for a walk
Javier Oliveira Exactly Exactly Javi is
everyone in the chat looks at it
Many won't let me lie, Javi.
When I tell you that it is continuous
son the son's video was what they have me
condemned if I have been condemned for
tell a hair broom I don't know what. Well
I don't really know her if she isn't
aware of everything he has said about
everything you do every day every day
the days and you say things Peppa is worth it
The other day I heard you say that we
we had profited from the
240 No my brother no we have not
profited from the 240 with the 240 you have
you profited but not with that amount
physical that they gave you to donate
No, you didn't excel with the idea of ​​240.
increasing the victimhood of Oh is that I
They are saying about the 240 Vale when
It was as easy as saying, gentlemen, look
This happened to me, this and this and it doesn't happen
Nothing Say what your son said to you
forgot okay Say what your son said that
you forgot and second every time that
you made the croquette every time I made it
croquette when the undesirable one arrived
your friend Irene to give you 240 to laugh
of the
amount how do you know that you are the one who has
beneficiary of the 240 V man of the
240 we have things look here we have one
from this clever guy who is a piece of [ __ ]
ok look what
says this channel said it was said here yes
I know I'm not coming, I dropped the bomb, the bomb
said the legal office of the
association are with them
I was aware of all this but it is not
because Peppa Beltrán told me about it
no and it was said on this channel on this channel
HE
said the legal office of the
association was studying it said
This channel is good for what it's been two years
of course for
take it out, this channel said it was said
Here if I come, I throw the bomb
said the legal office of the
association was aware of all this
but it's not because he told me about it
Peppa Beltrán
no and it was said on this channel those who don't know
If someone would be in that live stream,
agree but it was said here and I think that
Pilar Vera was in Irun and they talked
on the subject of this cabinet
legal but here we said that the
legal office was aware of
everything that had been said about the call
of Ivan of the supposed people this
that I was saying on Twitter as Auri
who had been the first to call the
cabinet to the association and that he had
Having said this, this and that, do you remember?
Auri, do you remember that you already
you remember? Well, you know that the cabinet
legal has taken note of
everything has taken note of
Well, I imagine they will have taken everything
Note this, they surely have it written down.
also listen and listen to this son
We must bring the entire receipt
to defend yourself is worth it because I things
just as they were passing the girl I
I ask the girl, do you give me?
authorization to display this call and
He told me no, I don't give him permission.
ok perfect and I put it no they don't give me
authorization to display the call
who lies, I do not accuse anyone of
lie but that I was like everything
the world or The majority doubting because
You say the Dons are public, they are not
public data protection
transparency in short and well, I say well
That's what they tell me then
If there are people who have called How have they
managed to obtain data Because it was for me
had made it very clear that all
They had Elo protocol of
confidentiality and they also told me that
I put it is more they have told me that the
receipt is sent by email and that the
person who donates can print it but
that they send it by mail This is what I
They say on the first call also a
the phone that they pick up is like you
you hang up all the time all the time all the time
while and today I called again today I have
called again and today I have returned to
call four calls you have made to the then
you have the association, the cabinet
legal to you too Tania this was a
I'm going to put what Marca has said
wasi this was a This was a truth O
be her Of course it was true But
yes puo it was a truth as a temple or
be heo of the
240 let's go gave it then tried it
sneak in as something he had given her before
but not before he had not given it he gave it
there the 240 They forgot to enter it and
He put on a victimist theater as he likes
to her to make others bad
from the movie when there was no reason for it
there were no bad ones, it just had to be
having been honest, telling the truth and not
With that arrogance of I'm not going to teach
The evidence shows nothing, you
talking about something as serious as it was
that but well no no no no he forgot
He forgot the 240 and his friend reminded him
friend ard of Troy no Loli was the one who
He remembered it on the edge of Troy, eh? Don't forget.
Loli a ard of Troy and Loli also said
How good it is that the paper falsifies
Of course he tried to pass it off as if it were true.
I had donated before but of course they are
donations as a good It seems that
In the end Tania came to understand clearly
a donation to an NGO that you have
promised based on a live stream
donations that they give you
clear public, that is, they are not going to give you the
Peppa's ID nor Peppa's address nor
no personal data of Peppa but the
the fact that he went and donated no
It is personal data, it is not private nor is it
a secret is worth that's why Pepa hasn't
sued the association for telling him
to the people
Okay, this is what Marc sent me. I don't know.
what is not here but below
one has to
take care with this I mean
Pay attention to what my boyfriend says now that I
I neither flirt with you nor do I like you
you don't give me much or anything
disgust
that yes, I am an older woman with
I'm 65 years old on Monday, not 70, that's what I'm doing.
It disgusts me a lot
not what you are implying
Here I am doing something sexual to you.
when not even Ah is ret already the
has from before
It's been a while since he's been with that, yes. Ah, well, that's not it.
I knew it, I've been doing that for a while when
yoo this was for another person of the
wings
Lie, lie, very well said, Victoria
lie
I lied, look, there I am, reacting. Come on.
Play eat it Javi I just put it in you
bend as if to tell you not to say
those
things sorry I'm sorry but what is it
a reality and there was no longer that
I'm so used to it being so
vulgar so
I just put in double that is already
comment I just made
I don't think I even put Pepa in
direct because I did it from the sad
this mobile because it didn't have internet
[Music]
5277 views
644 likes and
209 comments in the box
comments five against
one
preview demand gesture of disgust
true and the other day the other day still
what was seen said that he only had it
her as a very common gesture in her
life there Fix it my brother
Fix it, what a disgusting gesture, my God, what
disgust
Osa I'm looking for one thing eh And tell you
because maybe the good thing is what you see
that it was one that was to speculate on how it was
would behave like we were
when they came to YouTube and said that you
you were going to put it with your ass like that looking
for Cuenca and this This is not demandable
Peppa, are you sure that you haven't?
done nothing against Javi's honor
ridicule like this every day in your
directly call him
dog Oh God
mine that I am looking for a
c Calm down calm down I'm not you
ignoring but I don't know where I had it
wait well we had this look look
this
Let him eat it. Oh, don't make me say anything.
I don't want to say live what
wants me to eat him Oh don't make me do that
say things I don't want to say in
Direct It is that this type of comment from
as the oru is sending me something else
I'm sending it to you just in case, take a look at it and see
that
Tell me, tell me what it is.
Wait, I'm looking at it in the
mobile look at it
You're not saying that you shouldn't send it to me.
mobile but tell me Get into this
TT you know but let's see what this is
person wants as I tell you yandar Hey
They have tried to put me, they have tried to put me
put a note of
community in this tweet in the tweet
where I put where I comment on today's
Joan Plana Vale tried to put a note
community that says manipulates the
information Javier oliveira has already been
previously convicted of these
manipulations towards joh plana Who goes
to give me a community rating
so mother of
God mother of God who is going to put one
Community note on Twitter Well then
nothing Elena I know we will be asking you what
I'm telling the truth. This is the same live.
okay this is the same direct this one
yellow sounds to me like it's the same
direct if that is where it says it
Lorena no
where it says let's see it and then we
we messed with the one from Troy that also
we have to see some things Ah Also
we have to give of Troy yes I love you When you
you want to go tell me I'll go here and you
I mean I don't have I'm super
I like you, I tell you, but not me.
While I occasionally take it off
camera Yes yes let's see we still have here
a little while But well cancer there that we
We were laughing at you, my son.
has bowling from April to October
that does not stop you piece of scoundrel
You invented a cancer there that we are
laughing at you and it is a lie that you
you invented a cancer that's what
The truth is that there is no way, uncle.
you are a fantastic goal Pilar and Jai and alazne
Fanta goal Pilar Javi alne I mean it was
sue is who has played this who has
played I think I don't know the truth that
lawyer suo working in August will have
said he can go but I don't know if he wants to
Come on, I don't really know how it's going to turn out.
three Ela golf courses
golfs golfs fat gulf Scoundrel
your hair your face your nose everything
eh nonsense of the things they say
man, the damage the 240 does
guy is a bad guy is a guy
bad good
person the damage that he does
the0 the
40 how happy I was
true prun a question I ask you the
Ron asks me if I like you
Pepa responds when you are
saying 10500 when he tells you that
the 240 What do you want to say?
with the 10,500 because your son didn't leave it
It is very clear that your son thinks that Javi with
his colleagues, that is, Javi has obtained
insider information and has committed
a scam what do you think when
says 10500
pppa I would like you to say it
because I don't know what 100,500 refers to
Man made some balloons on his birthday
with 10500 it's like [ __ ] let's see me I
I understand that I celebrate having won
10500 but you don't celebrate it but
I say that I will also have to
explain to him why he says that about the 100,500
not that cartel wants you
saying it about the
10500 damn, he doesn't realize, man.
it is given, nothing is being done, it is going to be given
that it doesn't work Javi that it doesn't work that you
I say to you who thinks that he is not there
doing nothing what I'm seeing that
you are making a series of comments
very daring, eh, I mean, violent abuse
Slug gulf, eh, scoundrel, the little tits
speaker all all speaker viogen and now
Here is the thing about the 10,500, that is, me
I understand that I have won the 10,500
I am happy and I celebrate it of course
It worked out well for me and I won
investing in cryptocurrencies 10500 not 10
500 that time there was another time when I won 40,000
with an investment in another cryptocurrency
but there are times when I have also lost what
I have done it three or four times without trying
That is, try without knowing but of course
I would repeat 10 500 500 as if it were
illegal to win 500 Yes of course it is
saying Javi but you're not you're not you're
finding out that you haven't seen the yet
video the son said it clearly gave his
your opinion is worth imputing to you
but I prefer to do the same thing
insider information that cannot be
demonstrate is like How come not Wait
wait a minute but then he says that
You understand crypto and I don't understand
I have seen nothing like there are people who have
said no Look if he bought here he sold here
She can't be so privileged, she doesn't have
a lot of sense No but the thing about not knowing
You can see that it makes me very
grace is like when you can't
ask if you have a suspicion of
Someone accuses you of stealing that the police
Incut the mobile and ask WhatsApp to
you from the conversations So that
regardless of that also in what
moment when it cannot be proven that it is not
can be proven cannot be proven
what there is no privileged information
There are no clues, that is to say
I bought when the currency was public and
I sold the currency when it was public and then
When it fell I continued selling what I had
there was left, that is to say there is no more, there is no more
Nor Ah that you want to lie to
purpose of what you lie man well that
It would already be slander. Of course, but how do you
Bad is what you asked for.
cancer and you forgot, they had to
remember the months because you had been
forgotten by God and you did it
go through because you wanted to do it
pass it off as if you hadn't had it
done that same morning because you
They had remembered You do know about the
240 Pepa Yes you know what you did
you know and you have it, okay? I'm talking about the 1040
When you want, I'll show you here
account numbers and well it is that the
walls is public you can see when
I bought when I sold what I have that I don't have
It's the thing, well, there hasn't been anything
noise with your 10500 that has analyzed it
everyone, of course, of course, you can see, let's go, me
I don't understand, eh. I don't understand, but it looks like
like it wasn't that optimal
operation As it could have been with
I mean insider information
What are you going to take out, you are going to leave a part
another one that doesn't make sense you know no no no
It wasn't but it's not the first time that
I make money in But it's not that I'm
have won in cryptocurrency It's that I
I also won once, I have told that
I'm investing in the stock market, which is not the case either.
I have no [ __ ] idea and I put some money in it
I did well, I lost another one that my mother
I was going to kill myself, you know, but that's how things are.
that I because I am always a person
that is trying things that are doing
what I do, the other thing you know, but nothing more
That is what privileged information is.
They invented it for free and you can
believe but when you are lying A
purpose is already slander clear you have
bought some balloons and celebrated your
birthday with 10,500 what do you want
cover it up even if I had stolen 10,500
even if it were illegal to invest in
cryptocurrencies and sell them more expensively
take off your 240 Although I
would have stolen do not remove it from the 240
yours what do you want to cover up yours because
You know your thing, I don't, I haven't done anything.
bad thing I bought crom coins and
I have sold them, I have won. Of course
You want me to tell you life You know But
You don't take what's yours, you forgot
you have a bad one
Claro memory
Of course people are lying that I
I had said that I had gotten alarmed
with the physique of alarm I have never
messed with the alarm physique thought
that she was very cute when she went out then she talked
a photo in Seville with you and the
It's true that it's down there, it's fine.
busy but oh well, nothing happens, nothing happens
nothing exercise yoga and the kitchen is not it
clean alne because you stay like this
thin no my sister no no daughter no no no
You're not exactly good at cleaning.
the kitchen
kitchen listen to me Peppa images came out
Images of your house came out of your house
with [ __ ] in the kitchen that I don't know
how the cat didn't get stuck in that
door, stop messing around. Already, aunt, the kitchen.
It was dirty, so you don't want it.
clean don't clean it Damn you are the one
who lives there but the kitchen gives
Basquito da Basquito is now drama-free
Peppa Pig Drama Free is in the public domain.
the fact that she said
openly that he does not feel like it
clean it because it might make a
work In a few weeks month you will
Do you remember when those photos came out?
They were public photos of you that no one will see
to go to his house to take pictures
from his house there was society in the
kitchen is also our fault in all of them
ways although Fer even if it was a
Our interpretation, Elena, of her
mouth I have it here damn wait for it
I have here if he calls me sexist
because of the kitchen and since there isn't one here
No machismo here, I have you
saying here that the kitchen has [ __ ]
and that you will continue to have it because
You don't feel like cleaning just in case
a work is done, I don't know
Oh, I know all the [ __ ] that
true I have to tell you that I don't know
clean the kitchen more because my son
Alberto told me that he loves me.
change this whole part So I have
decided not to give the kitchen any more
This is because if it has to come from
bricklayer to remove all this and put it back
new, well I'm sorry but this one is here
Here we are not going to clean the kitchen so that
Come in a week to remove everything
this understood or not
understood or not understood Yes let's go let's go
let's go what
Shame what a shame uncle H that
clean like that with everything and then he told you
sexist says no, he told me that I
I left in one of the comments that
The best thing in a live show is that you said, clean it up.
cook or go clean the kitchen is that
sexist, what sexist, no Pepa, no, no, there is no
How clearly sexist it would be for you
I would have said for example being
talking to your son Tell your mother that
clean the kitchen that would be very sexist
because why does he have to clean it for you?
mother is talking to Angel but it is
that you are the youtuber, you are the owner
the cook is the one who has it dirty
that we are going to clean another person
that is not on screen Why is that
comment doesn't even come because I
see the kitchen dirty or because I cook with
the cat on the crest that comment
comes Because she says she's not going to
clean So I understand that in the
house That is she has those chores and the
son will have other ones. That is to say, each one to the
better there are houses where the woman is
the one who goes out to work because she has a
bar or because he is a teacher and the husband
She is a housewife and her husband is the one who
is in charge of cleaning the house. So that's it
It is independent of sex. That is, she is
the one who appears on YouTube saying no
He's going to clean because he doesn't feel like it.
If he ever does a work in the future, I don't know.
how many months I am not I am not like
her when she is talking to
we put herself on screen, I don't
I have to remember yours
relatives to tell you to clean your
brother the kitchen or have yours clean it
Children, I'm talking to the YouTuber
You are the one who shows your kitchen and leaves
It is very dirty so clean the kitchen
That's it, don't give it any more thought, that's it
totally but the drama that makes him
to something that you have dirty, you [ __ ]
No, and what if you don't want to clean it?
that it is your right Peppa but that is not
he blames us
[ __ ]
rums I don't understand it, the truth is it's not a
My invention, here's an invention. Good afternoon.
Maria T
Damn Elena, have you seen this? This isn't it?
I had seen wait put it on me again
Sometimes I make a noise with my nose because
I have a bad nose, I just told
precisely at the beginning of the live show
that last night I bled a lot because we're going
I understand that it will be related to the
with the operation I just had done
to be able to breathe, not even
a cosmetic surgery and look what
does
Look
listen to me this, eh?
I had said that Elena is getting excited
Javi from one
way I have the feeling that
She doesn't remember the things she says
They just sentenced the Murcian
pissed off for making that kind of gesture
towards the faa I have told you that to the one
Rubén Sánchez's knife from faa my friend the
Mur cabron did a live show doing
that kind of this a YouTube video or
He has been sentenced to 30,000 bucks 30,000
Loli or Loli who already gave it to me
I see it there ff It's that I think that
we are aware of I don't know if it is
conscious or think that it is not going I don't know
I really don't know but I'm hallucinating, eh?
take advantage of me who doesn't see a [ __ ] thing
[ __ ] from these people and they take advantage of it
little of it, not of that, not of anything else, not of anything else
I understand, I think it's a bit off, right?
It's noticeable, she thinks you see everything.
Javi So she really thinks that you
you are pending and if you do not have time
You can be on the lookout, you send us to
us and they are Well, what can I say?
If they are going to continue thinking what they
They may like it but it is not true
I don't even see it myself, but why?
So what interest does my content have?
and my job is what this lady says
every day, that is, if you know what you
I mean no but I've already told you
a thousand times and now he hardly even has it in his
mine and I am the last turd of
youtuber because he has no interest Because
if I said it says new things or it is
minimally funny in the gossip Okay
Well, you answer her, she answers you.
You laugh No, but it's not that everything is
based on the same thing today he messes with the
with Lorena tomorrow with Ortega
after that you don't know and that doesn't affect us
It's funny, honestly, Peppa, you're very
sight is stupid says man that see
What a shame you are already messing with him
turned into a meme
The [ __ ] says, man, of course you have
that that that living very well as I do not clean
You clean the kitchen. Well, you have to live.
very well uncle if really that's your you
The only thing you have to say about me is no
If you take me out, Abi, you make a fool of yourself and me.
I feel this shame of
putting it makes me ashamed to put you
this way because you're ridiculous dude
You are very ridiculous, let's see, I'm missing nothing.
live wonderfully clear does not make you
Nothing is missing, you don't need anything in the kitchen
You live wonderfully, of course. Oh, how
I don't clean the kitchen, I live wonderfully
I don't lack anything You don't need anything I don't
nothing is needed So if I clean the
kitchen of course I will need products of
cleaning I say Ha refer to this no
and the cans and my
mother come on come on come on
It's that Javi, man, give me more meat. It's
I'm ashamed to put this on myself
People, give me more chicha and then I'll do it
I'm going to
report Well then, notice how
Time passes or How time passes
slow time What doing
Lu says that
Elena that happens the
Time how time flies
escaped an Ah
ok then
days things t woman Well let's change
of pledge not my mother my mother But
Well, we are here, I stayed.
freaking out eh I don't know
not the impunity that you think they have no
I understand it a lot, honestly I don't
It ends up being a lot to me, you know how to square it
This but well I don't know is that I have it
said even she will say But you to me that
You have to tell me good things, but you
I swear, I truly mean it from my heart.
I've said good things a lot of times
in my live and that Peppa but if not
you have a problem aunt you have people who
has
Honey, [ __ ], comment on Jai Ponte's things
jokingly when she sets herself as an example
makes that phone call, you know?
that you can call any live from
cinema tells him things about YouTube
That is not important because Well,
final is almost white content if
wants to make fun of anything
I personally wouldn't take that.
bad when I've done it he's done it and I
He has named me, it doesn't make me feel bad but
Hi family, all day long yes
hair humiliate a person in your
direct daily can't be uncle that's not it
It could be peepa, it's just that you have it like that.
a Hobby and your chat I won't even tell you and and what
you allow it is not even that it is
getting rich because you say no, well it is that
He will not let it go in life because it will
to go out more I tell you that I do not
is making me rich because it makes me rich
numbers are very similar and I tell you
I know what a live show costs.
2000 visits and you are not
making yourself rich is not making you rich
rich you are basically doing it for
nothing for nothing this is doing it for
nothing
Javi who had not justified it either
because even more so if they are giving you
She missed a lot of opportunity
gold
when she was in her top she had
his highest donations he had more
hearing the matter and everything she would have
that having taken advantage of it and going off course
a little bit about the subject and if I had lost a
few people Nothing would have happened now
would have recovered other people Well with
His charisma with his way of doing live
with whatever it was worth people who came
to see her for her sake but they are going to see her
and it's just Javi and Javi and Javi and Javi
and Javi and the people there even without
understand what he is talking about because you
Tell me what Peppa is doing reacting to
youtubers of those
It would be that it doesn't make any sense
Javi Just because you are
Don't tell me you're interested in the topic.
Javi Hey Elena Sorry eh I'm here for you
listening to what's happening that they just told me
send it here, eh, it hasn't been him
only tweet that Joan sent to this one
girl Lily if you can Add this to the to
previous extract eh so that I don't get
distribute many extracts please Lili
He's going to kill me today because today is going to be
how crazy this is but what
m no no no it's that I had sent him more
Twi today at least at least one
more eh or at least this one I don't know if
There will be more but answering Well
Of course he told you in the debate
that they had sent him today
that tweet that he didn't know about that tweet
that today the T was found today
He himself has answered you but of course it is that
this other one a moment a moment a
wait a minute wait for that tweet okay If the
people aren't seeing it the first time
The girl's Twitter is from February 19th
of 2022 22
and 13 hours ago Well when it is done
caught clo sorry girl defend you
who seems not to have treated you well and
then he wanted to profit on YouTube with your
your in quotes A normal day in
Twitter and and and and TT quotes him from
lasl LOL Yes yes I have
seen Joan Planas mother
mine with this account is the one that has gone
responding to each
comment and I have gone or so this is it
He had kept that this girl a
day he dedicated a tet to this one I don't know what
we would have to see what it is
criticizing the girl here but man no
I think it is
proportional how I am going to answer you
this time okay I imagine that this
will she be responding to another tet A lo
best of the boyfriend in which Joan would tell him
To the boyfriend I will answer you This
time and is criticizing Joan Un's tweet
normal day on Twitter and now he hits her
The sasca today has gone to hit him
sasca from Look what you put me in 2022
Well look what happened to you, it's not me.
I don't understand it any other way
Forgive me, this is normal, this is normal.
Javi, for God's sake, this is normal, man.
And I, well, yes, I thought that before.
Imagine, I'm still in the same situation.
It is for him to really analyze it and
see if this is logical or not It is logical
Come on, he went to look for the tweet
that TD tweet Elena the
repercussion eh And he was shouting at me
before telling me that I'm illiterate, what
I was telling him to rest in peace
liar that you are a liar you know
I'm worried you were fighting Look
This sounds so absurd, so sordid and
as murky as you were arguing
with the late Joan you were today
fighting with the
deceased is really super dark for
that you
Look, but Elena, I'm more worried about the
five
Likes, well, actually, three retweets.
five likes Well the truth
Yes, what a shame, I swear, if the family
Come see this, huh. It really gives me a hard time.
Too bad man, I understand that he will see it
Of course, out of empathy for the family
Damn, you're messing with someone
person who does not
okay let's go Sorry eh for inter
You were telling me something important, aunt.
no my soul, that seems enough to me
more important and more serious in fact is
the most serious issue there can be Because
They are big words, there are more with them
other accounts I mean fate you you are And
you put, you take this account, you put this
you and now take another one and put this on it
another Javi This is something historic your face
appeared in gref's last video already
My face has not put me on my
I've already seen videos with the snake
the sucker But hey Look, we are we are
In Z de p the truth is that we are United
for the same cause and truth as me
Now I'm not going to tell you to fall
cool ok but man I have another one
perspective of right now, clear man
I now I now the truth is that that
I will always take into account the
Time to talk something about Gref, sorry.
He's covering up for Dallas, the [ __ ] out of this.
This is tremendous, this is tremendous, Elina, this
It's tremendous, I don't see it, I swear I don't see it.
I see the context of this is eh that
This guy has gone to someone else's Channel
sauce partner is ok And this is
One of these channels of Christ is
Christ but has a session dedicated to
dala is only worth it because it is giving it
a little bit of repercussion and it has a
dala session and this guy says Okay
I'm going to put it but so that people
understand eh says he has also been to me
insulting because I told him that
It's not possible, but that's how it is, okay.
that the lawyer is Pablo in this case
if you have any clue whatsoever
knowledge that your client may
committing a crime has to be
the lawyer who reports it to the
administrations Of course you imagine your
lawyer denounces and then defends you
with what face no, it's brutal, it's
brutal In case you dare there is
defrauded the Treasury there may be
problems too and he will say Oh no
I knew it was clear, host. Oh, who's another one?
exclusive
exclusive Well what I was saying
just now is that liy also
would be implicated in covering up
to Dallas with everything he's doing
be careful the couple does not escape and now
Let's go with the lawyer's exclusive
Pablo Franco's lawyer may have the
license about to expire
license about to expire is that no
has more
I have the volume to Lourdes set in
In any case, imagine that it was the
This fantasy that he is mentioning is not
and that the lawyer will be removed
licenses and knows that your client is
committing a crime, that is, you
just imagine what you are
saying that a lawyer is removed
license if you know that Imagine the
lawyers for a murderer but listen to me and
Javi but they are saying that
lawyer's license is about to expire
is about to run out
the exclusive or is that it? No, no, now it is.
wait but at
lawyer for knowing that his client is
committing a crime or reporting it
lawyer the lawyer himself
administrations or you take away the license
then a lawyer who has to you
defend only when you have the
precisely the reason for the work of the
lawyers is Knowing At best that his
client has committed a crime defending him
of the crime, a murderer's lawyer
so you know, it's tremendous, but
in case that were so the Fantasy
This one that doesn't make any sense says no
No, soon, man, well, soon. A
The best may be 10 years and wait for
But let's go now Pablo
My poor little one is there, full of
volume I don't have
but I don't know what
Here I can't do much for myself
It's already at full volume but now you can hear it
better Petri Fernández the lawyer Pablo
Franco may have the license ready
finally remove it because he doesn't tell it
next month Elena this would be that would be
other
bombshell some lose what they have for
agony and for not doing things right
made and others to protect what they have
to protect by
cronyism that I have hanging here
LoL well I don't know what you have Ah hung
Ju iglesi but the lawyer
It is demonstrated what is going to be told to
continuation and I will give you a preview of this
little boy that you see here with a face of
little thing that seems very good
He is not a no-nonsense, as they are going to say
want to paint on other channels
not from or this a loser of three pairs
of balls you know clearly not a mungi no eh
let's go to an entity Oh Troy Oh de
true but he is a 50 or 60 year old guy
Saying this, let the kids do it to me
of the channels of the arceos follow the
roll to another kid
you know when
that eh careful careful that a
important eh man Elena is not
a fool who doesn't know what he's saying and nothing
not about that And he also has another one of the
condition that can take months
eating a secret and until not
everything is already advanced, don't let go
garment last month I was telling you
scammed Delo and this month it has been done
a photo with Delo because they have been
for dinner, so eh, you can be quiet
simo let's just make a order
Treasury now
you go You save just made him a
PDF Treasury and has gone to the Canal of
Cela to tell it to you The boy
creature my mother give him a clue
enemy until it is going to fall on him
guillotine on top of the head no no
They are giving him a clue by giving him no clue. Eh
ning none none danas has barely been
noticed Danas has barely noticed
that there is a movement around
done with the doxo of his house nothing nothing
That has already been a few things, that has been
little joke, me being the lawyer and Dallas
I would be looking over my shoulder
yes let's see what comes to me let's see what comes to me
I don't know, I've gotten involved, eh?
nothing nor know the stories nor have
been present and there they are